  
  
   

; © 3 = : " 2 = ¥ » es i. rE trepanser.
A Wridotwer's ~ Y.08; 1 noe, a non orion

pu. ew ty A ho ppealed to. “That t
Ten ant 2 Was a to. wrilough

10 be placed in my hd
3 By C. B. LEWIS

     
    
 

=i « — §

Te Ecno as arranged for the fol. |
lowing clubbing ates for 1004. New
subsoribers un get Tie Ecso and any
ong of the lowing pepers bot the
Montreal Ste from now to Jan., 1005,
NE those rates: —

[TE Boro and Witness (DAILY) cere een 49 80
M. | Te Eono ant Witness (Wedkly)....., 31 0
Tur Bono apd Ladies’ Home Journal 81 00
Tur Econo and Toronto Dally News LEY
THe Bono andParmers’ Advocate, Wil'y 831 85
THE BONO ADA GIODO «terme ev rmmne wer. JLAY
Tae Bono and Breeders Gaustte, Chicago $3 16
Tus Bono and American Agricultarist,., a1 50
Tun Ecno and Toronto Daily Sag... 41 8
Tum Econo and Saturday Evening Post... #210

Tie Bono and Toronto Weakly Mail, si)
Jan. te) 104, (with premicm plotara) 1.70

Tie Econo to Jan, Jat, 1904, ‘and Family
Hrald and Woolly Bias for ODO FADE,
with premiom plototos and wma

Tan Bo 0 und Weekly Adyortl
on LT

with Daily Advertise!
Tie ono and Farming World
Prominn 600K... ..,.0.e ie

The Eoho and Térouto San,

 

Both lawyer and sheriff hined at
certain line of eonduct, though protest.
"ing that they were not legal lints, and
three days later John Daytonitove out
{to his farm prepared to take all the
bulls. and cows by the lorns. Ho be-
gan at the barnyard. Eu opened wide
the giles and turned uw ono ¢yed ram
And a one Jorned cow Into the rond. A
couple of logs with curls in their tails
would haw been. next on the pro-
gramme hull not the Widow Farsons
appeared on the scene. She was ne
companied by a bulldog, Who seemed
anxious to canplicate things, and her
volee was notat all high pitched as sho
warned the widower off the premises.
He pounded on the barn door and re-
plied:

“This {s my geoperty. I am here to
take poksessbn. The widow and the

 
 
 
 
  
  

  
  
  
  

 
 
  

Copyright, 1869, by T. C, MeClure

o
0
0
0

          
  

    
  
  
   
   
 
   
  
   
 
   
 
 

    
  
  

After being in bualness in the city
nearly a score of years, the last five of
which he lind been a widower and fy
falling health, Youn Dayton finnily
Meded the advieo of the doctor anid
bought a farm and prepared to rotiro
to the country and rejuvenate himself,
The farm was purchased through an
agency and without his baviag ever
stepped foot upon the land, But thers
was one thing the ageut fafied to rep-
resent. The provious owner of the
farm had died and left a widow and n

     
   
 

    
 

IRuscom

amber estan
ury

BY. Thom

      

 
  
 
   
  

 
 
 
  
  
   

  
 
  
 

LIEN)

8.60
ne

 

  
 
  

  
 
 
 
 

The New York sud Boston speo

« §148
akenll 86:10 p. m,,; Wind,
alo

    
   
  

. Tho at 3:18 and Du ab 100, Farmers’ pape mortgage, While the t bad { b
Pha Datroll and Now Yerk PADRE... i... hl, 8! 85 , mortgage ha ulidog wha Interfere with mo must
Datrolta 280. , Windnor 4:88, he. homer Tho Echo and Poultry Review. . 1 40 | been’ foreclosed and the farm sold ac | take the comsequences.”

 

T10v.m., srriving ad Bufaloas 10030 pan,
Now York Bpacial loaves Datrait at 1a
Widdsor 1 a.m. Bt. Thomas 4.10 a,

The Echo aud Toronto Star,
(Daily)

  
 
 

cdriing to law, a village lawyer bad
discovered a flaw In the proceedings

 

The Echo Ptg. Co.,

 

started for the curly tallsd bogs the

  
  

4 and advised the widow to stick. Hav- { bulldog started for him, and when the
very day axoont Sundays at adits Amherstburg, Ont. ing pald-for legal advice she was de | Widower got through with the circus he
at dd Maldstonos at 4.30; at 48, Woods. | =e ,

 
  
 

18a 4 8 515, R m at 8
Tilbury at 6:23, arriving at 8¢,
p.o, Paysongera carried.

WEATWARD,

termined to get the benefit of it. Sha
remained on the farm as much of a
fixture as the big red barn, andl she
proposed to fight it out on that fine.

It therefore came about that when
the widower came to take possession
of his farm he met with a surprise
party. He understood that he would
find the Widow Parsons in the house,
but he didn't uoderstand what sort of
a widow sho was. He found a wid-
dle aged, pleasant faced woman rendy
to welcome him, and her soft woys
and the goodness of the dinner preju-

diced him in fayor of country life at
once,

haq hal? a dozen bites to carry back to
town.

“Btars above, but it !a nothing less
than a ease of murderous assault!” ex-
claimed tho lawyer when the story had
been told. “You have only to apply
for a warrant to have the Widow Par-
fons sleep in fall tonight, and she must
surely bp convicted when she comes to
trinl" :

“Never in all my life did 1 bear of
such an outrage” added tho sheriff,
“and I will take the greatest pleasure
in making the arrest.”

But when the bites had got over ach-
ing mote hints—not legal hints—were

Comber at 45,
Thomasat 2,18

VARIETIES

The popalarity af some peaple lasts
about as long na that of & suow mau,

The boy who makes bay while the san
shines shovels pavements whon it snows

  

  
   
    
    
 

Use Lever’s Dry Soap (a powder) to
wash woolens and flannels, —you'll like
it.

“Really,” said Mrs. O}donsatle, ‘your
lttlo dinner fant night wos quite re-
cherche.”" “Oh. dear,” her * hostess
groaned, “I joat kaaw that new eook
would make a botoh of 1t any way,"

After a night with “shoboys' there

   
      
     
   
      
       
  

  
   
  
 
 
 
   

 
 
  
 

 
 
 

  

: sory th omach {hen Musa |, NOUMDE of he busine tn Lad was | BROWS out, and us rea Joka Di:

Bohl y| Sterling Headnohe Powders. Price 104, | Prosched. until dinner was over and | ton made a fourth visit to his farm.

ib [5 53 | and 250. at all dealers; until ho bad sized the widow up us n Tye ty 24 Juasked ut va un shoo

Tv. 345 0200188 RINSE 8 Fite Ame f meek and humble woman. It was | Of the house {nstead of stopping at the
_— Pally 1. tsa onder, | IBA) Uucle. Tymrod. whats a bgt | When Bo carelessly tndbired whether | BUFnYAN, and when admitted ho nad:
Tho Amarioan Express aves Duftal dusty at | 00282 Farmar Neookwhiskera (paiatul- { she had taken another farm or pro<| - “Widow Parsons, I'm a determined

% ant Be Thames, 1003; Windsor, 18.85 |1y experienced) —A bonanza, darn iy, is | posed to' move to the nearest village | man. I'm bound to have my farm it I

» hols in the ground, owned by a liar!

have to take you with it.”
That's was a bonsnza is]

The widow looked at him for a long

The Boston New York & Detroit Bpecial leaves
Buffalo at 2:10 a.m.; Rt. Thomas 4 88 a.m. ar
riving a} Windsor at 7:18 a.m., and Detroit at
A

that the first brickbat hit him. She
didn’t pfopose to vacate at all. Sho

The consequences were taken, As he ||

48,

The Fast Mall loaves Buffalo avd. 08 p. m., Bt,
Tromaed 41, Windsor 11.85, and Detroit at
1 he

A mixed freight will leave Bt. Thomas evary day
Sxoapt Bunduy at 610 a.m,, Tilbury 1.43 a.m.
Jom At 1.18. Buscom at 218, Woodslen at
2.33. Bvsox at 247, arriving Baidstone at 8.51,
Pelton at 3.40, and Round House, Windsor, at
4.00 Passengers osrried.

0, W.RUGOLES, 8. H. PALMER,
O.P.&T. A. Ohloago. O.P.A. Bt Thomas

AMHERSTBURG TRAINS

 

      
   

 

Laxa-Liver Pills are a postive onre for
Siok Headache, B.lousness, Oonatipa-
sion, Dynpepsia, and all“ stomach and
liver complaints. They neither gripe,
weaken nor slokon. Prige 260.at all
dealera,

Good dog—Hae's 8 homely dog," said
Mrs. Vary, “but he bos n wonderful
pedigree. His mother, his grandfather,
bis great:grandmothérall lived in Meth.
odist tamiifes,’

All Kinds of Coughs and Onlds, Bron-

preferred to go on Nving amid the
peaceful songs of birds and the laxy
drone of bumblebees, but if it was
to be lurid war he would find her way-
Ing her banners at the front John

    
 
    
   
  

minute, and there was a smile around
her mouth as she quietly replied:

“It might bo your best way. Come
a-courting, and we'll seo about 1t.”

And six weeks Inter there wos neds
ther widow nor widower, John Days
ton and his wife wero running the
tarm, and the. bulldog ‘was quiescent.

 

BS

WAREFUL BABIES,

EASTWARD. WESTWARD
-| cbitis, Whooping Cough, FPafnsin tin or til

'. 43" Read Down i gheeds te Ohest,. Wheezing, Hoareeness,” Sore Ni baby ories for the mere fan of
AM. PM. ® Lx rx {Throat and Amthma, Joad 30 the Lung- the thing.” Is aries becanso it ix uot
890 340 dop amberstburg arr 945 6 10 | healing proprieties of Dr. Wood's Not. well-~zonprally jts ltt stomach is
823 a8 ... Oordon.. 940 808) wey Ping Syrnp. Price 250 . sour, its bownls oougestad, irs skin hot
680 355 The Quarry 09 80) % aud fuverish. Tois 1a often why bahi
1831 Ho 03 5] Lord Snobber—That is the piotars of . I) at oh ag len Shy Dalles
53 4% 230 880 ay rh p are wakeful and make nights nifsersbie
Bd 4% R 0g stIDy front anoestor, ‘hung by his own for the parents. Relieve the livie one
000 443  ..... Bdgers..... 900 543] hands in 1538 nnd ivAcill sleep sll uighe d Iut the
610 BO arr ...Busex.. dop 880 50% Mrs. Dollarby—Ah ! what canses your t cap / o Bud bh

THOS. MOFFATT, Agent

LEAMINGTON DIVISION,
GOING NORTH. GOING ROUTH.

 

 

    

   
   

 

 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
   
   
   

 
  

 

    

  
  

   
       
        
   
 
  
     
 
  
  

  
  
     
  
 
 
     
  

distinguished ancestor to take his own

life!
Sick With Worms,

 

   
 
  
 
 
 
  
  

 

   
  
  
   
  
 
 
   
   
   
 
    
 
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
 
   
 
    
 
   
 
 
  
  

mother got her noeddd rext as well,
Jase what mothers need for this iu
Biby's Own Tablets—a® medicine shat
speedily rpllaves and promptly cures sll

  
 
       
     
 

  
 
  
  
     
   
     
    
 
  

   

   

 

 

 

 

    
   
 
  
  

 

Read Down, 3 AF Road Up, A YD. tha mint ailments of young childrer,
at Acs. Aca Acc.Ao Q dee, J. Dare, South aiukley, on Tha experiencs of thonsands of mothers
PAM [irene dOPRES, arrivela. b hun proved the trath of this, and »mong
3 3010 00! Loamingtd obildren took sick with worms and after :
30/0 0. ~ Losmingtsn theso mothors la Mrs, James Fareell,
| L.B, &D, B getting relief we procared Dr. Low's
1. a Wort Syrap which noted prom, tly and Banberry, Oat, who suys: I think
offeotonlly” promptly a Baby's Dwi Tatlels the best medicine
carga f tn the world for little ones. My baby
The young man with the wicked aye was cross and geve me a good deal of
A Sad aceou panied ber to the evenieg trouble, bat sinco using. the tablots A
TE AER Sn SES 0 f TT could pot wish for a heslthier os batter
o “Miss Angelire,” he whispered, “I nm oved ohild
Lake Erie and Detroit. Hier RAllWaY { stonid tito EE Yon the ola. ia quos: SUouser praise could: not be given,
TIME CARD, tion." nnd the mother hos a goarantes that
— Taking offoct July. lst, 1003. ‘Traloe ran “Not here, Mr. Gayman,” she said, the ‘Tablets contain no opiate or harm-
on Esstern Btandard Time, whioh Is 31 minutes horriedly. © * Not here!” ful drag. Suid by medicine dealers or
wr prerie LoCh gig RUD RESET Reto Br Wim Be sg Go.
—— Mal & . ain o? r a; @ 2
Exp. Rip, ExpMxd, Biockvills, Ont. '
Erp. "Exp. Expdxd 5 Doctor The Horses, :
#Detrolt Cam's Ave ap 730 4% ay Thompucn, Rolung Mag. Messenger Stories
Walkerville 6 00 J Py
+ Walmer 81a {hous Jugiasds Tllow OF ln the Stories, iliastrations « snd ancodotes
’, "| | - »
Jidcatiy. s i oring dp the horses and. considers ft an x ey ohn ow ee
Mo tiregor 5 51 | Splendid. Price. 260, AS SARTRE JON THA OOH THE RULE Bas tne stories nro so carsfolly chosen
Now Causa; 64871 The Inventor—[‘ve fnveuted this per ‘| that they oxerofse no sweet inflaence in
+Marshnold 617 | pataal moon mnohine A Dayton was an aggressive.man, an ob- tha liveaof old and young, Thon there
Harrow. vas{ Ospitalist—What makes It run? #7f stinate wan and a man with a tem: {arn wpeoisl departments devoted to
tame 718| The Inventor—I can't stop the blame | per, and the widow didn't blame him | Temperance, the Sanday Schoo), the
=Rothven 3 oo thing Jong enough to find oat. a bit when he pounded hia leg with his { Lizzls People aud the Home The paper
Loam ingto 10 30 fist and replied to her: N . 18 00 popainr that a vss number of San-
Wheatley. 1 10 “I don't want to bo mean about this | day S:oolsin Canada and Mi Wola
Bisaneios 3% i thing, but I wunt and witt have poses | LICL ITCEE BID _Ere0s uivuctane,
Chaba ot tH For Infants and Children, slotl of my own. 1 will give Yow one [ites extending theirinfinende for good
Olsthany. ....... rr 11 60 A week to clear out. If you are not gone {{, the homes of their agholard. The
4 LAM Po The Kind Yop Hava Always Bought by that time I'll have you thrown out.” | Northern Mesranger is probably read
Siam I ns “You are invited to dinner a week |overy wesk'by well on to 0 quarter of a
Fargo...... 8a) 1048 79 35s] Boars the from today,” the widow quietly replied. | million people, sud for thas reason thu
Planbeim Jo. $10 1S TA 28! signatare of 7 BT Mr. Dayton went to town to consult | price is extrewmvly low. Sample free ou
8¢. Thomas Arr 106 1051000 780 a lnwyer and the sheriff. The lawyer | 8poliostion. 121 Pages weekly 80: «
Londos Are 140 1401030 800 b he rights in the your 8. 8. Claba'wt 300 fn year, John
TM RM oY look fold him that all the rig Doagnll & Son, Pabliahers, Montreal
. GOING WEST. i tn On look  nnusually happy. old | were bis, and tho sheriff said he would Ar
ondon 820 230 430 3
“Ht. Tho . 6% 808 718 70 'JXfeel that way, I'vejast paid for my putibin = possession ps Soon is te Tite latest stap in the direction of re
Blonboin... .,. 815 4 92 o | bloyole, nnd—'" writ of execution was placed in moyiug the nbstaclas now oncoantered
Blenheim Jat 83 80% 5 vGeo Whiz! What are yon boyiog a hands. Monnwhile If he could bluff the by the raliroad in crossing the river
= Faro. ga 3 is 2 4 wheel now for? Nobody rides a bi- | Widow it would bo 80 much gained for oauin Inst week in the form of a petition
Chatham TU O41 7 10 | oyale—** him. He returned to the fama after a [vo (he Datroit city oonncil irom Oburles
= Forze 7 . "0 a (i Of course not. I'm speaking of the day or two to bluff. He was as kindly | H Fisk, patent attorney, for a franchise
Blanheim Job. 2 Fo 0 50 { Wheel I bonght on installments in 1898 | recelved as if ho had come to buy paper {to balld a taunel across the Detroit river.
Whentloy 917 © 8 8 A.M. 128 | State OF ONI0, OrrY OF TOLEDO rags and*yell tinware, and, though he { 3r. Fisk proposes using what is known
Loamingto: 985 610 800 FW Lucas Oou * \ se | ns the McBean systom, which is. in
Rothves 945 B90 BI) 995 UCAS OoUN , wal vexed and annoyed, he couldnt brief, baila b the ri With
Kingsville 964 628 818 815| FRANKJ. Omeney mi oath that he | help but ndwit that the widow had of, baildiog shrough the river. Wit
833 82 3% ]in senior partoor of she (firm of F. J. | pannus) blue eyes. ? this aystowm, inatead of tunueliog ander
1011 848 83 410{Ougney & Oo., doing business in the ! y the rivar, the course for the taanel would
703 850 4 3 | City of Toledo, County and State afore. |, I have ascertained that T have the { bo dredged out, and it woald be. con.
1025 708 85% 600 asid, and thet firm will pay the sam of | 0% On ©Y 8lde¥ he began, “but, as I |seractad therein. In this way ic wonld
718 0a 510] ONE HUNDRED DOLLA sald to you before, I don't want to be {not be necessary t0 ; 0 so dep nnd would
TIM 908 618 ARS for enoh :
Pelton vo 619 585{00d overs onse of OATARRI that pap.) Mean about It” uot be so expensive in constrootion, Ths
tWatkarsiiis Tor ae 1080 i] si su not be oured by the use of HaLL's Oa-| “No; I don’t think you are a mean.) taunel is to contain donble tracks in two

   
  
  
 

TARRI that cannot bo cured by the ose
of HALLS OaTaRRE CURE,

FRANK J. CHENEY.
Bworn to before ma azd sabsoribed in

my prosnoo,. this 6th da f De-
oember, A. D884, Wi

Foes } . W. GLEABON,
soal | Notary Publio.

Halls Oatarrh Oure is taken internal:
ly. and acts directly on the blood and
mucous surfaces of the system. Send

for tos! froo.
3 OHENEY & Co, Toledo, Oo.
Sold by all t 700,

Hall's Fao aro the best.
Obolly—1 beg of you to send some one

soparatys tubes of solid steel, each tube
24 ft, outside diameter, Mr, Fisk claims
0 have ample capital back of him," and
the Detroit Tannel Compsuy will short.
ly be orgunized. .
Lamonoss ie the muscles and joints
indicates rhenmasism. Don's dally with
it ws minute. Take Hood's Sarsaparills
rophets make a great

and cure it,
“Yon weather P
many mistakes,” said the man who
snoers “Yes,” answered the obwerver,
and {€ other peopio had all their mis-
published in the daily papers as
wo do, I suspect thas our record wonld
so3m pretty good.” © -
‘Lite Toronto Dally Star is soknowlsdg

man,” she kindly replied. p

“I want possesalon, but I don't want
any row, aid If you wonld consent to
take $50 and vacate next week I think
1 would pay \t." 1

“You are a generous man, and I
won't rob yeu. Three or four yeara
hence, after the case has gone to the
supreme  coWft and: been decided
against me, I WAY look around for an.
other farm.” -

“Woman, you ire defying the law,”
Inimed the widower as patience
sed to be a sirtae. “I tell you rit
have possession dere If IT haye to dump

TT TT Ten tai ete ute SE Shion JE Sn SE ng
I Detroit (Campa ava)ar 1020 7 00 § 9, 8 47

AM. PMC AM
Fag ftations. Train stops only when there
Are passengers at or for these stations. Mixed |

trains are times subject to banvanorlied.
All Tralas connect at Blanheln Junstion with

trains for Ridgetown, at Chsthum with

trains for Wallacaburg, Dresden snd interme.

diste stations.

     
 

    
  
  

 

   
  

   

 

  
    
   
  
 
 
 
   

    
    
  
   
  
    
  
  
   

  

  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  

8. W.& A: RAILWAY.

AMHERSTBURG TIME CARD,

The following ime card
tho ‘Amhoratbarg line on Than

 

to effeck on,
¥. Oatober

 

    
   
 
   
 
  
 
  
  
  
   

     
    
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
   

 

  
    
  
    
    
  

 

LOY FOO. KF OGD. Wi everything and everybody into the pub ;
ta my, 00m 4 at ha pitcher of | He highway wii my own hands.” od Joe vas of mare's brightest pu,
Olork—Oan's. Too bosy. "Come to Ainiet Any day—glad to see Tie Bono a yoat for only $1.85. 3

you,” was her ply am she followed
bim to the dol. bie :
“Y-o-n; XI noo) m wyer as
the widower “fumed and reported,

—

Obally—Bat, my dear sir, my room is The Ontario. Dhirymen's Assoniation
on fre : shoald not disperse without disouseing
how a milch cow cau be fed on oald

Water 80 as tofprodoce nothin

   
   

11:80 PM.
wi

 

 

 

 
  

 

[8 TB SN Eo

cream,

 

 

 

81s EX
»P.
ie ie ;

  

  
 

 

© PILLSAND PILE
pe rf

 

  

i FOR THE DAINTY '
i Decoming, Mats—Stolos

 
 

 

WOMAN

 
  
  

White Os-
trich Feathers For Dressy Wenr,
|" Exquisite rose hats have been popu-
‘lar this summer and the fall will see

many more of them, for nothing is

more cheerful and more universally

becoming.

The typo of hat which exhibits both
flowers and feathers is not afways
pleasing, but the large picture hats are
loveller than ever. The foundation is
usually of erinoline or the more sum-
mery. tulle, elaborately tucked and

gauged.

Palo flesh colored crepe de chine 18
useful to line yokes, and many lace
gowns are made up on a crepe da chins
foundation instead of being Interlined
with chiffon. The smart type of mus

i

4

|

|
4
|

1
|

t

|

 

A USEFUL COAT

lin gown is made up over allk, but tho
ordinary kind has a simple Jawn lin-

ing.

Stoles of white ostrich feathers or
of marabou and ostrich intermixed
are generally worn, and reversible
stoles of two colors are ulso popular,

but not nearly so much so as white.

Furriers at this season are busy re-
modeling, and many of the large boas
of white or pointed fox are being

opened out and

The cut shows n yachting or moyn-
tain coat of biue cloth, trimmed with

white braid.

wade into flat stoles.

JUDIC CHOLLET.

 

FOR SUMMER WEAR.

 

Linem Costumes Look Cooler Than | Of milk and 12 pounds 108 ounces of (*

They Are—$ilk Voile Gowas.
The linen costume looks cooler than | B1X days, thirty-nine days after calving,
it really is, but the most comfortable ) She made 578 pounds 3 ounces of

style 18 to have an unlined blouse couteo

 
    
 
 

    
 
        

  
 
 
 
  
  

Wo wish every dairy farmer fn the
land could possess and read the year
book of the United States department
of agriculture for 1002, says Hourd's
Dalrymaon. On page 1456 18 a chapter
devoted {eo “Dairying at Home and
Abroad,” written by Major Henry RB.
Alvord, chilef af dalry division. Major
Alvord spent on nufiber of months iu
the summer of 1961 (n lavestigating the
dairy conditions and practices of the
leading dairy sections of Europe. His
conclusions are based on a sound, prac-
| tical knowledge of the best practices in
America, and he draws some very in-
structive judgments from what be saw,
and studied. On the question of dairy
cattle he nays:

“Dairy cattle constitute the founda-
tion and si fmportant factor of the in-
dustry.” How does this comport with
the Jdenas of thousands of dalry farmers
in the United States who think that
beef blood, dual purpose blood, any and
all sorts of blood, 18 good enongh with
them for a “foundation?’ He further

SOYA:

“We have no dalry eattle of our oyn !

| in America. We have adopted those

| originated in and brought from other
countries, Even our ‘native’ ar ‘com-
mon’ stock or ‘scrubs’ are but mongrels
of another continent, It 18 fmposalble
to estimate the debt of the dairy farm-

! cers of this country to the breeders of
Ayrmshires and Guernseys and Holstein.
Friesians apd Jerweys Io thelr native
lands. These are the four races of eat-
tle upon which malnly rest the present
and future prosperity and progress of
dairying in America.”

Those are strong words, yet we cor-
dially believe them to be true. If true
what sort of work {8 any dairy farmer
doing for himself or his country who

breeds beef blood into his herd? Does

he see the future as it should be seen?
A Fimo Holstein,
Lady Creamelle Dg Kol 18 n member

of the fine herd which Mr, Jobn B.

Marcon of Princeton, Mags, Is collect

 

 

LADY CREAMELLE DE XOL.

ing. She is a typleal Holstein of great

| quality and performance, as her A. R.

O. teats Indicate. At two years and

| twenty-six days she made 320.2 pounds

butter; at four years seven months and

milk and 30 pounds 5.6, ounces batter.

with a V er square opening for n | Her best day showed 95 pounds 4

chemisette and the sleeves gathered
into a large decorated cuff. The col-
ored leather belts are smart with these
nen costumes, but If the belt does not
match exactly it 1a best to fall back on
black or white. The tight fitting belt,
high in the back and low in front, is the

 

DOY'S BAILOR SUIT.

accepted fashion

with a short coat or

bolero. Fancy scarfs nnd cravats are

in great demand.

soft, fancy front
ical

For the open coat a
is pretty and econom-

A new peck scarf from Paris has {ts

two ends fastened in front—one to the

right the other t

pina. &
Silk voile mad:

{niet with face

different color is

0 the left—with fancy

0 up over taffeta and
of the Paraguay or

point d'arabe type 1s very smarty but
the lining should match the voile, as a

entirely out of style,

Now that the means hive been made
known to us, the applique embroidery
of nen coats, collars, ete, has become

a popular pastim
dering why the

e, and we are all. won-
‘hint waa not given

sooner, This decorative stitchery is ar-
rived ot by means of one line with
traced design placed over another and a

buitonliole stitch
edges, after whi
cut away round
ronlly

worked around all tho
oh the upper linen ia
the pattern. This is

quickly dona than is the

hind embroidery, which is a latter day
for for the thick swiss work so much

sed on Mpen and lawn shorts, which

In {ts way, an
o£ work.

{be cut shows a white

wulor sult with bl

equally pleasant form

: linen boy’
loe collal cuffs.
JUDIO CHOLLET, -

whin bp sttempiei
tl" Tho

     

|

|

 

  
  
  

    
     
  
  
   
    
   
 

 
    
  
  
   
   
  
   
 
   

ris]

recor

| ounces of milk and 3 pounds 1091

ounces of butter. — Holstein-Frieslan
Register,
Keep the Breed You Like,

The best cow for each one of us is
the cow we. like best to handle and be
around, says Dairy and Creamery.
There is such a thing as incompatibii-
ty of temper between the man and his
cows oftentimes, and thin fact often
marks the line between success and
failure. The man who loves his cows
and cares for them as a man will who
has this affection for his stock will most
assuredly receive better returns far his
Inbor than the one who simply tolerates
bis dairy. The man who takes pride
in the Guernsey or the Jersey or the
Durham should turn his attention to
his favorite breed.

Selecting a Good Cow.

When a breeder purchases cows for
foundation stock he willl always dps
mand three points—individuality, per
formance and pedigree—says B. H, Sib.
ley In American Cultivator. Cows with
fleshy udders or small udders or poor
fore udders or small teats are to be
avoided, as are those also that have
short and heavy bull-like necks. The
model udder reaches well forward in a
graceful curve and extends bigh up be
hind. Many beginners make the mis.
take of supposing that those unimnis
are of a superior type that are dainty
and delleate and lacking in size. As a
matter of fact, slender, graceful ani
mals aro likely to be efliclent ln vigor
and to prove disappointing.

The performance of an animal is one
of the best gauges of Ber value. The
ayornge man cannot afford to buy world
beaters, but he will do well to pay the
additional price swhich 18 asked for su.
perior as compared with Inferior per
formers, The record of the animal to a
large extent fixes the value.

The Leading Jersey Bull.

The bull of the Jersey breed that
leads all others in the number of tested
daughters fa Exfioc of St. Lambert
Ninety-four of these have mado records
of over fourteen pounds of hatter a
week, Ho is ald to have been a bull
of great vigor and vitality and retain.
ed his vigor up to the very day ho died
at thirteen years of age. This bull had
for a dam Allie of St. Lambert, with a*
tecard of twenty-six pounds twelve
ounces of butter in seven days, and
full sister to 1da of St. Lambert, with a
test of over thirty pounds per week,

 

Nebraska's Growth.

Last year Nebraska produced about
$8,600,000 worth of dairy products,
which was above any previons year on
There is every prospect that
state will reach the $10,000,000
k by the end of 1908, 8

Narthwext Coliagen :

ERE
stor

me of McDougall, and

  
  

 
   
    

ar
thing, which 4s fenldusy. The green

  

pelicans
No sight fs
lenlous rage of a lover, The man who
| suspects bis sweetheart of flirting with
| Some one clse ia enduring such pain
| thint he fs hardly responsibli for bis ac-
| ona.
| Similarly, the gir] who sees that her

flnnce is faithless experiences a heart-

aghe which 1s ttle short of maddening.

It Is snd when such suffering is with-
out any rén) cause, The man or girl
who Is a victim of unreasoning jenl-
ousy Is to be pitied. The intensity of

their feelings cannot be realized by an

outsider,

True Jove is trustful, above all
things. Sweethearts who trust each
other aro never worried with jealousy,
nor have they any need to be, A true
lover never flirts. Ho would not be a
true foyer {f he did. A girl who really
loves her sweetheart cad bear to sce
him walking or talking with another
girl without the slightest pang. She
knows well that thero is only one girl
in the world for him, and thet is her-
self. In hie heart she reigns supreme,
Just ag he does In hers, Polte and at-
fentive though he may be to many an-
atlier mald, he reserves one thing for
her alone. This one thing is love.

 

Making Amends,

A poor Turkish slater of Constanti-
nople, being at work upon the roof of
a house, lost his footing and fell into
the narrow street upon a man. The
pedestrian waa Killed by the concus-
slon, while tho slater escaped without
material injury.

A gon of the decensed caused the slut-
er to be arrested. The cudl lstened ats
tentively and in ‘the end asked the
slater what he had to eay in his de
tense,

“Dispenser of justice,” answered the
accused, “If 1s even as this wan BAYS,
but heaven forbid that there should bo
evil in my heart. I am a poor man and
know not how to make amends.”

The son of the man who had been
killed thereupon demanded that con
dign punishment shonld be inflicted on
the accused.

The cad] meditated a few moments
and finally sald, “It shall be 80.” Then
to the slater he said, “Thou shalt stand
in the street where the father of this
young man stood when thou didst fall.
on him." " .

And to the accuser ho added: “Thon
shalt, If it please thee, go up on the
roof and fall upon the culprit even as

 

 

 
   
 

he fell upon thy father. Allah be
praised!” 5
THIS )
% *
AH ww

GUARANTEE
TEE

That you are getting the geavine “RIVAL
HER TAR FETsh, a only put up
in RED TIN boxes. with this tmde-mark on

the top. Each box contuins weg
ZO0DAYS' TREATMENT

and a registered guarantes to cure, or your
maney refund.

| “Rival Herb Tablets

is a quid

  
  
 

Dr <> A A> >

~~

sure and lasting cure for all
1 diseares of the Blood, Stomach, Liver and
1 Kidneys, such ns indigestion, Poce Appetite,
Constipation, Backache, Headache, Headth
Trouble, Rbeumativm, Female Wenkners,
Catarrh, Nervous Disorders end all Skin
8 Diyeancrs +» +n 4 aon <inily aials

ONLY %C A DOSE
] and your money refunded if ‘mot sat’. bed
} Scadfor FREE Sample

 

Adress ; aod cur 3opage book.

ANTHONY OUELLETTE
QENL. AGENT TILBURY, ONT.
LOCAL AGENT IN EACH YOWN

al ah a a

 

THE RIVAL HERB CO.,

LOWDOR isd. QOLE PAOPMICTORS

a a 207 BT. JAMES BT.

‘MONTREAL

Support a Home Institution.

Essex County Savings
& Loan Company.

WINDSOR, ONT.

 

  

Aathorized Qupital,. .. .$1,000,000.00
Subscribed Oapital,....8 $00,000.00
DIRECTORS:

Jobin Curry, President.

Judge MeHagh, Vice President

HR. F. Sathorland, K.Q,, M.P , Solicitor,

WI. MoKes, ChalrmanExvootive Committees,

John Day s

(oorge Hurilot,

Dr. 8, A. King.

J. F, smyth.

Or J 0. Keaare, 3.1.4.

Venator C. KE. Casgrain,

This company ig now prepared to re-
otive applications f0r loans at carrent
cates of tutdrest, | 8 J

ioans mnde on personal or writtén
application promptly. abd st a minimom

of expense. ‘

Farther information obtained from
and application to be made to

¥. H. MAOPHERSON,
Manager, 110 1311,
18 Sandwich st , epet,
Windsor, Sept. 28rd 1003

HAD OVER 500 BOILS.

This may seem an axaggeration 60 yeu,
BUT IT 1S TRUB.
All sufferers from Bad Blood should read

 

BURDOCK BLOOD BITTERS.
CURED IN 1885. =

Mr. David F. Mott wre

Spring Vi 7, Ont, in 1838,
over 500 boli
DOCK

BITTY]

eyed monster's favorite victims nre lov-
more terrible than the a

  

     
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
   

  

   
  
  
    
    
 

 

   

5

            
   
  
     
      
    
     
    
 
 
    
    
   
     
  
  
   
   
  
  

   
 
  

        
    
    
   
   
 

  
    
   
     
  
   

     

  

   
      
   
  

    
    
   
   

 

 
  

    
    

  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
     
  
 
  
   
  
  
   
    

  
   
   
    
    

   
  
  
   
 
    

 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 

        
   
  
    
  
   
    
     
 
  
 
 
 
