      

: 520mm. via

 

NATH ESSEX LIBERAL CONVENTION.

 

niin |R. F. Sutherland Unanimously Re-

    
 
  

CT (130 pam. vis stage to Windsor. ©
stage 2: 0pm.: M. C. R from
and east of 5t Thomas
poll XA
am OBE & ran, P.
Gordon Post Ofce.
ad Tas m. 107 D-Boy Dur, PAL
£ St. Jrun Paptist 0, Shares
 Mervices— Low mam Sam. ; high mass loam,
$0p. wm. Kev Io He acd, Pastor. Be.
Vor Me Noity, mistant-
St. Amdrew’s (Presbyterian) Chureb.
E and 7:00
= ale rery Sunday at ll am. x

  

 

 

 
    
 
  

 

ES Biraspers avid. sent free at all
in
Sp Bev. T. Nattress, B. A. Pastor.

Methodist Chareh.*

Sh services s1 10 Wa m= acd Tom.
Ea at Tp =m. Week pightpray-
or meeting 8% V0 p.m. All wbo can Btiesd
welcomed. Seats free. Bev. E A. Frar, Pastor.
ee A

Christ (Episcopal) Church.
BT Se aria the oath
ais E in the mon
Ry moreink or and hurd Sasdar as
hy an SsodaySchoolist IWR = during 18e
X winterand 8) ¥: am doning ibe smmmer.
Rents frew. Rector. I. F Parke

    
  
  
  
 
   
   
  
 

 

  

   
 
  
 

 
 
 
  

   
 
      
       
  

 

    

 

   
 
     
  
  
 
   

day at lam. |
pra. Prayer

 

hg
st |
free. |

 

vse |

 

 

 

Lincoln Lodge. No. 8, A. F & AM.

Medta evety Tuesday evemipy. oz or before
fall mocn. af Masesmic Hall corser of Gearge
“asd Murray sirecis
receive a fraternal wekoo=:
Thos Hanms, W. M. Jo

 

 

x, Bec

 

 

 

Lorve Lodge, No. 11, A.
Meets In the Oddfellows room, 83 7X 0 Clock
the od asd fib Friday evenings in each
month. The A. O.U, W.ls amoral benelt
society. wach member beng msared for $200
Chas. Pulford. M. W. F. P. Scratch, Bee.

K.Oo rr M
La®e Ere ro NG 72, meets in the O:dfei-
tows’ H8IL (he md sod 4th Toesdsys of each
“month 815 pm, Graded assesaents.
© Fred Corti John A. Burk.
Sir Kt. Com. Sirk. F. KE

A et —

Amberstbarg Council meets oa the Ind and
4th Mondays in each month 81 3 pom. 8% ibe
Town Hall. Apaley street. J.J. Bracii. Mayor:
J. H.C. Leggatt, Clerk.

Colzhester South Township Coumnell holds
regular meetingsos the first Saturday in each
month, at tke Town Hall, Harrow James
Howie. Reeve: Joseph Drummosd, Clerk.
BE Harrow P.O.
> Anderdon Township Conncil holds regular
meetings on the laut Saturday in each month
iz the Town Hall, Anderdon. O. neaume,
Reeve. A.C. Mailluax, Clerk. Amberstbarg P.O

Malden Township Council meets at the
Township Hall, lsat Monday of each month.
L. C. Bravh. Beove: Jaa. Honor, Clerk, Am
Rerstburg P.O.

Pelre Township Connell bolds regular ment
ings on the last Saturday in: every month ai
Townghip Hall, Peles. . Henderson. Bove
Willise Ntewart. Clerk. Pelee P.O, )

————————————— A ——

ONTARIO LEGISLATURE.

The Ontario Cabinet hasbeen sitting
daily forthe porposs of reyising the
estimates and going over the expendi-
tare’ for the past year. The main esti
mates of expenditore for las: year to
talled £:.537,428.86 and the supplemen-
taries $247,601 53, making an aggregate
of $4,755,080.89, while the estimated re-
oeipts from ordinary revenne were $i,-
408,372 80. To this was added $1.4]5,-
510 74, the cash balance on Dec. 81, 1002
making a total of $5,818,883 54, The

. timber sale, which occarred early in
December, produced upwards of three
million dollars of extraordinary revenae
of which rooghly speaking, $1,300,000
has been received and can be credited to
the revenue of 1903. It will thos be seen
that whether estimated expenditures
were exceeded ornot the Premier and
Treasnrer will be able to present a very
large surplus; probably npwards of two
millions. The ontlook for the coming
ear is equally saoguine, floancially.
{th extrasiliuary réceipts trom Hmber
sales accruing to the amount of two mil-
lion dollars, the Premier is in a position
to ask larger votes, and it is understood
that the estimates now in preparation
will ‘call for a increased expenditars of
about five per cent. This is, it is stated,
dae to the increased bost of maintaining
public institutions. . The municipali-
ties are also commendgg to draw upon
the million-dollar good roads grant. The
cost of legislation will also be perman-
ently increased by raising the sessional
indemnit7 of members from £500 to
$1,000. This was done last ression on
account, it was stated, of the lengthen:
ed term. The Premier stated that he
thought 2300 per annum would be an
adequate remuneration, Mr. Whitney
held that it shoald be $1,000 permanent.
ly. and was londly applauded by all the
private members of whatever political
stripe. Tho Premier has finally de-
cided to adopt this suggestion.

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Spirit of Winter.

The Spirit of Winter is with us, mak-
ing its presence known in many differ-
ent ways—sometimes by cheery sun-
shine and glistening snows, ‘and some.
times by driving winds and“ blinding
storms. To many people it seems to
take a _ delight in making bad things
Ne worse, for rheumatism twists barder,
twinges sharper, catarrh becomes more
- annoying, and the many symptoms of
scrofals are developed and aggravated.
There is not much poetry in this, bat
there is truth and it isa wonder that
mare lo don't get rid of these ail.
mens. medicine that cures them —
Hood's Sarsaparilla—is easily obtained
and there is sbundant proof that ita
cures arpradical and permanent.

COLCHESTER NORTH.

     
  

    
   
    
 
  
  

 

   
  
 
 

   
  
 
 
 

  
 
  
 
 
 

was held in Winascr on Saturday aod
proved a most enthusiastic and well
attended meeting Over 200 delegates
from the - varions mouicipalities of the
riding sssembled. Tow eivetion of offi-
cers resulied as follows: —Honorary
president, Leke AMontreail; president.

{

  
 

 

 

of

 

   
   
   
  
  
     
 

   
 
   
 
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
  
  

   
 
   
  
  
    
  
   
 

   
 
     
  

“Oalamity city’ snd this the company

- nominated for the Commons.
The North Essex Liberal convention

   
     
     
   
 
  

»| John Hclden; vice president, Severin
Ducharme; sécretary treasarer, FD.
Davis, to succeed J. H. Rodd. resigned, |-
after 10 years’ service in that capacity.
1a addition 10 the chief vios president
an addirional one from each munksipal-
ity was chosen 10 lead in the campaign
in the yanions subdivisions in which
they reside. They are: - Albert Dofour,
Sandwich West; John Webster, Sand
wich Sooth; Gow Watson, Sandwich:
Alex Reaume, Sandwich East; Peter
Cosbett, Matdston= North: Richard
Corbett, Maidstone Soath: Dr. Amyor, | home for holidays, has returned to his
{ Belle River; Albert Walker, Bochester | stodies. -

| North; A. McNsughtcn. © Rochester [
{ South; Cbarles Chilvers, Walkerville,
{and A. R tartler, Wisdsor. Tle fol-

 

 

 

 

 

bert and James Shepherd; the rescln

nops committer. 8S. Dacharme. J. H
an. PAST | Road apa A. MeN.
| se~ston which was called for the prrpose |
s=leciing a candidate Ww contest the |

North Reding io the coming Dominion

o's | elections, the resoiotions committe: Dre-

eriand. respectively. Tbe pamsof R F.
Sutheriand was proposed by Severin

 

Docharme, of Rochester in a short ad- |
ana | visitin her bom# hers during the hol
one. |

President Holden called for crhber |
nominations’ bat ‘po othr names were |

   
 

dress in both French snd Eo
seconded by, Peter Corbett. of M

 

mentioasd. He then pas the motion
ani msked for s standing vote. Every
man io the ball arose to his fe 5 and the
chairman annuvanced thy nuanimoDs Tv-
sult amid great ring sod ent hosinem.

In reply, Mr. Satherland ater thank
ing the delegates forgher Kudly ssast.
ance 10 him when he first apreared

  

   

try brethren wiik-{ before the people in 1900, solicited their
| hearty co-operation sgsin sod stated

that he would continue bis policy and

work for their welfare 1n the fatore as
ke bad in the past, if re elected. He
spoke of the work he had done, not for
his party alone, but for the good of all
the residents of Nurth EsstX; bow he
bad succeeded in assisting Mr. Cowan in
having the alien labor bill 20 modificd as
not to cause troabls to the border towns
of the Canadian frontier by making it

impossible for residents of the stares to
cross the river and work in Canada ab a
retaliatory measure ; of the stand he had
taken {i supporting Mr. Cowan in the
draiosge act whereby farmers were
given the privilege of draiving across
railway property. a concession they had
never before enjoved; of hiscattle guard
amendment ; of the bill for the protec-
tion of farmers’ stock from damage and
injury by the railway companies, ending
his personal history as a member of par

liament by a plea for their support

He then launched forth in an elcquent
address on the work of the Laarier
government, showiog the rapid nd-
vances the trade and commerce of the
nation has made since the party's return
to .power. He idolized . the grand old
man, Sir Wilfred Laarier, “the only
premier who ever had the proper policy
and carried that policy toa soccessfal
issue." The speaker al-o dwelt at some
length on the advantages that have been
gained by the people of Windsor and
the surrounding ridiog since the advent
of Liberal rule.=/The abolition of the
close season for white fish which placed
them on an equal footing with the
neighboring American fishermen, the
large induostrics that have been estab-
lished, the erecrion of $60,000 armories
for the local regiment, the postoffice
building and many other minor- estab.
lishments: He also told of the possi-
bilities of the construction of piers for
Bells River and the improvements of
drainage that wonld be dore by him in
the next term of office. The different
ministers also. came-in for their share of
praise, especially Fielding, whom the
speaker offirmed was the originator of
the Chamberlain fiscal policy in Eng-
Innd, the great English statesman having
borrowed the idea from his more humble
Canadian statesman, who clearly dem-
onstrated what it could do for a young
conntry like the dominion. The present
wave of prosperity was likely to continua
many years in spilo of reverses in other
coautries, for the rapid population of the
northwest territories would develop re-
=0areed never before dreamed of. The
only way to insore good times and pros

perity was by returning the present
government, and being a unit of that
organization he hoped again to carry the
polls. Addresses were allo delivered by
G. Stevens, M. P., for West Kent; Dr
James Snmson, John A. Auld, M. P. P.,
for South Essex; W. J. McKee, ex AM.
P. .;S. Docharme, J. H. Rodd, A.
ee, M. K. Cownn, M. P. for Soath
Essex, and others. All paid high tri
bates to the energy and capacity of Mr,

bearty sopport. The whole party will
at once buckle down to bard work and
get their forces in shape to get outand
hustle as soon as the date of the elect.
ion has been fixed.

 

WHEATLEY.

The Mersea council has sean fit to re-
fuse the application for a license to open

a billiard room in the village.

about one hundred were present and
after the official ceromonics were com.
pleted, ander. direction of the Ven.
Archdeacon Davis, of London, Bro. O.
Irion, 1 new 0. R , called the meet-
ng to order to enjoy a short program,
coneisting of avolo by Rev. J. Davies, sel.
ections from J. H. Healoy's gramaphone
and addresses by Rev. J. Ball and
Davies and Archdeacon Davies. O; Ivi-

dainty lanch was served, after which
the naticoal anthem was sung and the
members and friends went to their re-
spective homes.

WALKERVILLE
Walkervillo islikely to lose two im-

t industries in ‘the conrse of a fow
months. At St. Thomas the ratepayers

 

   
  
  

voted s bonus of $20,000 to the Pere

etto on condition that they move
from Walkerville to tbe

decided to do, on condi

had previously
tion the bonus was granted. Itis also

to move the Globe L nafac-

Wigle Co. will bs heid next Tuesday
afternoon. x

Place" Windsor. 3

sohidated Co., was in town last week.

  
  

Craig, are spending three weeks with

|

| Jowing [Were appointed on the credesn |
tial commmree : Dr. Amyot, Peter Gor

 

Art the afterncon |

 
  
 
 
   
    
    
 
   
  
   
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 

Sutherland, and assured him of their

 
   
  
   
 
  
 
      
     
     
  
   

The condition of Mrs. George Pulley,
7th con., Mervea, remains hnchanged | of Comber school, and J. S. Ainslie was
and there is small chance of her recoy-

ery.

Wednesday evening of last week the
Foresters of Courts Oak Leaf No 62 and
Companion Court Wheatley No. 252, L
O. F., held a joint public installation of
officers and also dedicated to Forestry
their neat and commodious new hall sit-
usted over the drog store. Members
and invitea friends to the number of

       
      
   

     
 
   
  
   

son made a first class chairman. ‘A’

     
 

     

 
  
    
  
      
    
    
    
        
     
   
     
     
     
    
  
  
     
      
   
 
  
    
   
 
 
 
  
       
      
    
       
    
      
 
 

© KINGSVILLE .
x Co — : ‘
The annual meeting of the Brown,

Miss Eva Girry is spending two weeks
with Mr. spd Mrs R. Wigle “Park

D. Mamiall, of Hamiltcn, general
mavager of the Canarian Cauners’ Con-

Fred McLean, who has been visiting
with bis mother ana sisters in Tilbury
or ths past week. bas retorned to Kings-
ville. 7

Mrs. Smith. who has been visiting ber
son Andy Smith. of the Grovedale, for
the past two weeks, has returned to De-

troit
Corydon McDonald and little. son.

Mrs (Rev.) O Alexander, Bay City
ich,

Eddie Harris, “who Fas bren attend-
ing the Uoivesity at Torouro and «as

°C. W. Hendershot has abont $500

worth of goods damaged by water caos-
ed by a water pipe barsting and flooding
bis store.

EE. Dodson. rupresenting the Wal
aceburg Sagar Co.. wes iu town last
week and appointed W. B. Hendershot
as their agens.

G.N, Arnold has been very ill with
typhoid fever at his brother's ii. Me.
Bridges, He w#xpicts 10 return. next

rented three resolutions plcing cof. | WEEK 10 reanme work here.

dence in the Dominion government. the |
¢ | Provincial government ard RF. Sorh. | tion spent who recently moved here

Wm. Wess, fatherof Mr. Wess, ata-

from Chatham, hada paralytic stroke

| last week and is now very low

Aliss Grace Cooper, who bas been

days, bas returned. to Jamestown, N
Y.. where she js studying for a nurse

Detectives, were onthe trail of part-
1s who have been. taking evergra¢n
trees from Cedar Beach, and traced the
guilty opes to Essex The trees were
sold as Christmas trees

Mr. and Mrs Herbert Malort and
fami'y of Detroit, have reruroed home
after spending pearly a week with Mr.
and Mrs. J. J. Malott. Mrs Ella Brown
accompanied them and will remain two
weeks

John Golden, who is ‘engaged in the
ranching business in Red Deer, Alberts,
Jef for that place Tharsduy after spend-
ing the holidays st his old howe in
Kingsville.

Freeman Karn, of Woodstock, ‘bro-
ther-in-law of J. S. Middoagh and Wm
Middough, of Callpepper, Va., spent
from New Years day until Monday of
Inst week with Mr. and Mrs, J. S. Mid-
dough

Rev. and Mrs Anderson left Wednes
day of last week, Mrs. Anderson golog |
to Alvinston to visit with her mother
and Rov. Audérson going on to New
York, where he will stay for a few
months

J. O. Brown, of Willow City North |
Dakota, is visiting his brother. A. S
Brown. for a few weeks. - Mr, Brown is
one of the old town boys and has not
been 1n Kingsville for over saventeen
years, He 8 engaged in the threshing
business and has one of the largest ont-
fits in Dakota.

The Woollen Mills have started op
again after being closed for a few days

permits, - The pew boilding will be
larger one way than the present one,
and three or four stories high.

* The chemical fire house cadght fire
Wednesday morning and was = demaged
to quite an extent. - It caoght from a
coal oil stove that was sd in the build.
ing to keep the chemicals from freezing.
It was a lucky thing that this fire oo-
carred during the day time or the town
would have been without a chemical
engine.

Since the récent fire disaster at Ohi.
cago public attention his been called to
the condition of the publicschool” bunild-
fogs and other - places in the city of
Windsor in which public gatherings are
held. Itis probable that some mction
will be taken by the fire committee of
the oity councll to remedy the existing
evils
Detective Dilllon, of Detroit, was in
the city in connection with the arrest in
Detroit of Eva McLear, the 14-year-old
daughter of William (Rad) McLear,
Pitt street, this city. Eva McLear has
been operating in Detroit stores for some
time, according to_the story told by
Chief of Detective McDonnell. Her
mode of procedare was to gu intoa store
and stand baside a purchaser until the
Intter was not looking and then make
off witha purse or handbag. The liftle
girl became bold and her last offense
was no attempt a grab a hand-bag from
out of the haod of a Indy in Taylor &
Wolftenden's store, William McLear,
the girl's father, was notified of her ar-
rest aod went over to Detroit.
Chief McDonnell banded the child
over to her father. and was brought to
this side. No action will be taken
against her.

 

COMBER

Geo. Ludlam left last week for the
Soovin O. P. R.

Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Elliott, who has
spont several weeks in this district visit-
ing friends, left Friday for their home
in Fresno, Oal.

Geo. Buchanan was re-elected trustee

elected to fill the unexpired term of Dr.
Anderson.

Will Morris, son of. Harry Morris left
Monday of last week for St. Ihomas,
where ho has a positionion the AM. O.
R. as firoman.

-Mr. and Mrs. Nelson, of St. Thomas,
arrived in the village Inst week to spend
the winter with their son, Geo. Nelson,
the boot and shos man.

Mr. and Mrs. Chas. Thornton and
family left Taesday of last week for Echo
Bay, Algoma, where they exoopt in fot-
ure to reside. Mr. Thornton has boen a
residont of Tilbary West for many
years.

Goo.

  

Cavil, who spent his boyhood

John Appleyard, mes with a

dent Inst week near Graven.

Ho was assisting to raise the

stable when it gave way, strik-

ing George on the back and injuring his

spine. Ho was removed to the hospital

at Tarte; where he underwent an op-
eration.

Mrs. Jamés McOloney, Tilbury North,
who has been in Chatham general hos-
pital for several weeks where she under-
went an operation, ! returned home Inst
woek. Mrs. McOlonoy, is, wo are
pleased to note, rapidly Tecoveriog, aid
will soon be herself again. Dr. A
of Chatham, attended Mrs. MoOloney
while in the hospital.

Thero was a ha gatherd ing pt the
bomeof J. A. Boreas on Now car's
The brothers and sisters of Mr.

  
     
    
 
   
 
 
  
    
 
 
  
    
   
   

  

very tempting
Jaros i hp ry Cd

d , Osl,, were also present.

i #4,

     
  
  
  
  

 

GOSFIELD NORTH

CITA.
Frauk Montgomery has sold his 50-acre
‘farm us the corner of the Sth conoession
and rear road: to Mardock MeLeod for
$2100. Mr. Mootgomery talks of going
beck to Carleton Co. Possession was (a
given lst of Jan. ol
A New Year's pall wa given 3 a
Bri 's. where about fifty gu
nk from Young Ireland, Cottam

 

  
 

  

Two trustees were elected in SU S a
h Thomas being elected to succeed
FE James McOait in place of
Albert Bondy. who resigned. Wm
Biairis the otber trusize. The new
school hoass will pot be completed on-
til spring.
Wm. Olark says soma person stole a

of Hamilton, 48 visiting Jat Sam
Moores — Miss Sasis Clark hag gous to

®
al

Smi d the winter. —Mrs ~ = %
w Wh Rally NO Pakote. is visiting her | ack of 10081 —Jobn Sorarp. Je Jas
Sorbets Mrs Cpetr Thos. Slim, Jo | EE 102650 parton, 44, SEL,
Fans moved from his farm ro the Walter and Wife Sm Ae fram Shelbinar¥
Misconri, Jas copk where he has been

James house —Mr<_ John Millen and
daughter Nettie, of Stoney Creek, are
visiting tho Milena —Grorge and Rich
ard Millen, of Stoney Creek, were nt
their brothers a few days —Ezra Wikle,
of Guelph, has been spendiog a few days
with relatives and trends bers —Miss

1

 

extended visit with her parents at Od |
taws. —David Hess has purchased part

| =
of the cheese factory, and 1s preparing |

to move it to his lot.—Harry Wigla has
purchased a filty acre farm from E. | ©
Graut, on the /ith cou., Gosfield South
—Mis= Carrio Millen, of Stoney 3
18 visiting at Thos. AMillen's apd wit

other relatives and friends here. —Jitsaes

  

1

of Yoang Ireland. — John McMahon, of
Petoskey, Mich. and Miss Lettie Mo-
Mahon, of Toronto, spent their holidays
at their bome here-—Mixs Clara Risner
and her two younwer brothers, of Point
Peles, spotit a few days the past week
with their grardparents, Mr. and Mrs

Jos, Wyatt 5

NORTH RIDGE.

o

—Miza Tillie Archibald, of Rochester, |,
N.Y.. was visiting her sister, Mrs. Al- |

Ian Morris.—Mrs. Freeman Pickering. | Hytobings. who has been cynfined to ber

ped with tonsilitis, 1s DOW §n fering from
a severe attack of rhegnsnam —The

of Chatham, spent New Year's with her
mother, Mrs, Leflar.—Mrs Todd has
~0'A her store to Wm. Shromm and will
py the fhouse vacated by Heory
,—Misss Edna Shorland, of De- |;
' spent New Year's with Misa Lot- |
1. McOreery. The former's sister, Mrs
Ho mibg, spent New Years'sat A. G
elle's.—Mrs A G Bedello gave a

juner partyson New Year's day in hou-
or of ber uncle, Rev Jacob Iler, of ;Cot-
tamu. During the afternocn the Iatter
wns made the recipient of a well filled
rorse.—A sleighload of young people
from Essex spent a very pleasant time
Monday evening of last week, at the |,

    
  
 

1

   
 
          
 
 

   
 

home of Thomas Williams, in honor of | pand in the North West. —The many

bis son Edmund, who returned to Brock- | friends of Air. and Mfrs. Alex. Geaoy-

ville the following day. 3 rean are sorry 10-lemm that they are
NOBLEVILLE. abont to move to Amiherstbarg.

for overhauling and a fewfminor repairs. | James Noble of Toronto, is visiting
The 8. & W. Co. will lay their plans | his brther, A. Noble.—Carmen Noble
now to build as ‘soon . #8 (the weather | and wife are visiting afew days with A.

   

Noble and [amily . —Oar school meeting
passed off very quietly, snd E. Scratch
was re-elected trustee without opposi-
tion —S Dodge lost one of his horses re-
cently by its getting cast in the stable
so that it could not get ap.—Oar school

cass,
of a child of Geog Jessop. boing e-
ported Friday moging. Mr. Jessop lost

the shooting mich 5p (he Dominion
s , | Housa in Sadwich, Sharaday. T. D
d Essex Su was | Japisse wesentertd fy, ope
an Masic og given | bird events sq was shootiog with Jack
by Messra. Moare, Barlow sod Fite and | Marcon's. Degrods, $176 Smith gun.

light. English bein
the party broke up st daylight bia hells ware be ris SRP

No. I2 as the anpnal meeting last week, Me Tania nen Or oohiedly been
badly burtiy nor klled.

bale of his tobacco. —Mrs. Fortman. |) "Flog oF po charge of the

jartack of operal,ecy paralysis of the
| aE
| ce

Maggie McCoaat left or Yharsday on ano T

severely barned Bigore being rescued by

Friday vight of [iz week, between 50
and 60 young gegple from Leamington,

y Kingsville snd O)ynda gathered st the
Mary and Maggie Queen, of Edgar Mills, | c= C5 ap aha. Mrs. Charles Stock.

are visiting D Qaeen snd other relatives | 000 <PFUtshe night in danciug, card
playiog.and othiy ymusements Muse
wos faroished by | eamipgron musicisos
| Everyone present cxpressed themselves

Albert Peterson and Mrs. Lawson Ulch
| —Misses Florence Miner and Mabel

Frank Prebble, of Ridgetown, spent | Broadwell sesisted in the Naw Yedrs
New Year'sat H. Jones. —Miss Louie onrartainment at Brooker. — Wm. Lock
McOrvery has returned from her trip 10 | hare received word by ‘wire of the death
Scotland. =Miss Piogle has retoroed | og hig ancle, Mr. Ellis, of Ridgetown —
from ber visit with frieuds in Michigan. | Gag, Taylor received a 8¢¥are barn on

school were all re-elected vo their posi-

weeks with her daoghter ap Wallace
burg. :

Mrs. Sweet, of Welland Co., (pee)
Nancy Eagle, of thisplace, Svho has been
visitng with relativs for a few weeks, has
returned ‘to her homei— Mra E. Taylor
is nt present spending ber farewell visit
with her brother, Gordon P. Fox. of

home of John B, Douglass, tenth ocon-
cession, Mersom, on Wednesday evening,
Dec 80th 1/003 The invited guests
were Mr. amd Mrs, Geo. McMaullin, Mr.

little srl throughiiphtheria a coagle
{ weeks ago.
There came nesr bing a fatality ot

 
 
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
  
     
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
   

the “live

an. Had po arm not been high grade

 

GEsFIELD SOUTH

(FRUTHIVEN.
Jarvis Hensy tha new school teacher

chool. —Jo# Jrawart, son of 3. M. Stew:
zt. 18 CODRAOI 1p his bed with aa at

 

 

wiployed {OF Iho past two years hi 8
atiroad 18leRTAEL operator. Mark «as
Ores1 10 TEAMED pis position WANT 10 aU
Fred Maloig of this plow, who re-
sition ar the Grand
in Windsor, mvt
{dent there Jasth
ely slipped and
JOR WHIEr anc was

   
  
 
  
 

 

 

#1] into n vat of &

ellow workmen _
his vicluiry are Gaire

ing parties 10
merons of Jats

 

s being delighted
SALEM

Miss Edca Wright, of £oo¢lake, has been
pending a week with ber copeins, Mr,

ho face caused by n steam tap on the
pgine being tarned on suddenly. —Mrs.

eachers and officers of our Sabbath
fons.—Mrs. Thomas H Wigly has ve
orned home after spending 4 couple of

ARNER

his place, before going to join her hos

MERSEA.
A six o'clock diinner was served at the

closed on the 22nd ult., and the popils [apd Mrs. Joinn Dooglass, Mr. snd Mrs

were mach pleased to reodive from the

D. B. Reid, Mr. and Mrs. John McMal-

teacher, each a Christmas card and a | lin. Mr. andi Mrs. R. D. Donglass, Mr

bag of candy,—The Misses Crowder have | 8nd Mrs. Jolhn Bryden, Peroy MoMul-
rotarned home afterja somewhat lengthy | lin, Miss Elane MoMallin, Frank Doog

visit with friends, one in Pontiac, Mich.,
and the other at Chatham. —On the last | 1

Inss; Misses Maggio and Martha Doax-

ass, Howard - Kirkpatrick, rs. Effie

day of the ‘year A, Noble and family | Robinson, Minster David Robinson. Mr.
moved into their new bose. All their |and Mrs. Willis Reid, Misses Eliza,

neighbors and friends join in’ wishing

andl Lula McMallin, Messrs.

them longlife and happiness in the | Douglass andl Willis MoMullin, Misses

same. —At the recent visit of Inspector | Gertrude amd Sadie Donglass, Mesers.

Maxwell to our school he expressed him- | George, Qiecil and Percy Douglass,

self as well pleased with the standing of | Misses Sarmh, Margaret and Agnes Bry-
den, Messrs. Thos. and Albers Bryden.

The tables: were beantifully [decorated
H pith Power fand fruit. The guesta did
Ted astice to the good things that were
Neuralgia. terved. This is the first event of the

“1 had bean enfferfug about six | kind held fin Mr, Dooglass’ new resi-
months with Nenralgia when I started ;dence,

the pupils and the state of the school
hHousennd premises generally.

  
 

 

 

taking Milburn's Rheamatic Pills. They
did me more good than any medicine I

 

MARINE.

troit, Balle Islo and Windsor Ferry Co.,
with Coapts. Wilkinson and: Horne

plowing her way through sixty-two
miles of eolid’ blue ice, averaging nine
inches in thickness. The intention was
to éross Lake St. Olnir and aid the Pere
Marquette car ferries to buck the ice at
Port Huron, until the heavy floes have
all parsed down. The boat was engaged
for thirty days at a cost of £5.0 per day.
Unfortunately for the.-success of the
venture the Pleasure, ‘after proceeding
twenty-foar miles on the journey, was
disabled by the breaking’of a blade of her
screw and the trip had to be abandoned.

Notwithstanding the fact that the
masters of the vessels of the Pittaburg
Steamship Co. (the trust) were under
contract until March Ist, they have
already been paid off and notified that
thoy wero ‘at liberty to acospt other
positions. The system of employing the
men by thegyear was inangurated by A.
B. Wolvin, former manager of tho trust
fleet, and just avhy the new executive,
H. Ooulby, abolishes it is not known,
unless itis 1n line with the retrench-
ment policy adopted by thoitrust. Mr.
Coulby isn’t telling throngh a mega-
‘phone what he intends to do in regard
to the masters tor the season of 1904, bat
it is rumored - that instead of receiving
an increase in wages thoy will be asked
to take ont ths boats at a reduction.’ It
is enid that the offioors of 1903 will be
offered places at the lower wages, and
that thoy oan accept the jobs or pass
them ap.

TILBURY.

Jas.  Brusseaun, late of Tilbury, was
killed some months agoat Now Bedford,
Mass, while driving a dmay over the
tracks of Now York, New Haven &
Hartford milroad, by a passing train.
His widow, Mrs. Mary Brusseaa; sued
the company for $10,000 damages in the
shiperior conrs, and has just bean award -
a verdict for $9, !

The following . officers were

installed last week in Naphtali lodge by
P. M. Bro. Palmer and  M. Bro. Jas

    
     
   
    
   
 
   
      
    
    
    
   

   
     
  
    
   
   
 
    
     
     
   
    

  
     
  
    
    
    
  
   

      
  

  
   
  
 
  

 
  
   
   
    
       
 

  
   
   
  

-

 

 

     

     
 
 

  

     
    
    
   
     

  
   

————

The Febraary Dalineator is a magn-

ever used. Mrs. Annie Ryan, Sand |zine of uncommon interest and value.
Paint, N, 8. Its stories, articles and piotures are ex-
cellent, and the review of the fashions,

incloding a letter from Mrs. Osborn,
thorough and emlightening. In fierion

there 18 o mystical tale entitled The Sil.
The ico crusher Pleasure, of the De: | cur Boqr, oy Slbers Bigelow Paine; a

strong love'story from the Pacific by

Edunh Proctor Olazke. The Wooing of

aboard, started Friday with the object of Tio; and a delightful middle-age ro-

mance by L. M. Xontgomery; also a
chapter of the Evolation of a Club Wo-
man, the much discussed serial by Agnet
Sarbridge. The home life of Calve, the
most interesting personality amoeg the
favorites of the opera, is described in a
remarkably illostrsted article by Percy
Mitchell> 5A serious paper on The Oul-
tivation of Ideals by Lillie Hamilton
Fronch will 'be generally “enjoyed, nnd
collectors of antiques especially will be
interested in The Quest of Roxane, by
Frances Roberta. Dr. Grace Peckham
Murray's article on fhe care of the com-
plexion meets an urgent need for jost
such a scientific treatise simply present-
od. Thero aro entertaining pages for
young people, inclading chapters of The
Little Garden Calendar of Albert B
Paine, and Gabrielle E, Jackson's Tom-
my Postoffice, and an interesting paper
dealing with the manners and customs
of the Red men, by Lina Beard. There
is also timely information ona variety
of topics of interest to women, with es-
pecial reference to needs of the honsehold.

“Felt Gay” After the Sec-
ond Box of Iron-o
Tablets. ‘

January 6, 1903.
About a year ago, being a
sufferer from indigestion (a bad
attack), I bought two ges
of Iron-ox. After one
I ' was conscious of an improve-
ment, and I remember that
the second one did the busi-
ness, and I felt gay.
R. Pelham
182 Brunswick Street,
Toranto, Ont.

Fifty Iron-ox Tablets, in an iitractive
aluminum pocket 25 centsat drug.
gists, or sent, Postusid, on receipt of

fay ‘The Iron-ox Remedy (2., =]

Walkerville, Ont.

A

 

    
  
    
   
 
    
     
    
   
    
  
   
      
    
    
   
   
        

    
   
    
 

 

 

Pd ; : $5 : aT Jy

  

 
 

  
   

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  

  
  
   
   
   

 

The Kind You. Have
Always Bought

   
 

  

  

  
 

  

Apctfect Remedy for Conslipa-
Sour Stomach. Diarrhoea,

Worms Convulsions Feverish- 18 , :
aess and LOSS OF SLEEE. i ; e—

 
 
   
 
 
     
  
 

    
  
 

 

 

 

    
  
 

Fac Simale Signature of Water
NEW YORK. St. T)

THbur

"Alb month: 1 4 Comb
Rusoo

Wood:

pe Ennex
CASTORIA fo

Maldy

Paltor

 
      
       
       
      
  
  
  
   
     
    
  
   
     
     
  
   
   
  
  
 
 
   
 
   
   
   
   
  
  
     
      
  
   
   
    
   
   
   
  
  
    
   
 
  
  
    
     
       
   
  
     
         
 
  
     
   
 
    
  
  
  
  
    
  
 

Wind
Detro

*Dal
The

 

HEADQUARTERS FOR BL

FANCY CHINA J:
wo GLASSWARE _ fI%

DINNER. sr
TEA {
AND )
TOILET §
WARE. y

Do not Yor- 2 5 C TEA is the Best

get that my for the money in/Town.

S. McCGEE., -

 

  

   
      
    
   
  
   
  
 

5

PB!
°o
e

 

 

semebts «wy
522s ek

-
Sle

 

 

Bn, =
ata 2 |

 

 

| AGRICULTURAL | MPLEMENTS,

We aro Headquarters for ===>

Noxon Agricultural Implements,
Cockshutt Farm Machinery,

Black Hawk Corn Planters,
McLaughlin Carriages and Buggies,
Raymond Sewing Machines,

Newcombe Pisncs.

All the above are the best injtheir class.

RORT. HEATON,

«ree. HARROW,

 

 

»

   
 
     
 
 

    
 
   

 

   
  
    
   
  
 
   
 
   
    
  
   
   
   
 
    
  
    
   
   

   
  
   

  

 

 

Haroware : [NEcEssiTES.

 

BTL J wn A, oo EEN Ip py es SI TT. 11

Of all kinds can be purchased from > a little
lower than any other place.

CROSS-CUT SAWS, STOVES, PLUMBING,
TINWARE AND BUILDERS’ SUPPLIES,

HAPPY NEW YEAR.

ees -

   
  
 

:
1

Xmas is past, We haye handled isfactory
share of the Hardware and Cutlery gas

Fraser BLOCK,

auneestevre, YONES & TAYLOR,

    
    

   
  
  
  
 
 
   
    
 
    
  
  

 

Now it's your New. Year's orders we want. We want:
them because we're in the business, because we know we
have the goods you need—the finest “quality in svery line,

because we canexecute your ordersto your entire satisfacti

Our seasonable offerings are Joseph Rod er & Sons’ ons’
Carvers, Table and Dessert Knives, Eo Nickle, Granite

and Coffee Tea Pots, Skates of : :
i Silverware of any on oa} kinds, Roger Bog’ 1847

M.A. WIGLE'S,

 
 
  

   
 

bs

AMER

€geece
