  
 
     
   

   

“. “Monday, Jan, 5th.
; £)

   
  
  
 
  
   
     

Friday, )
Wars have been issued for the Do-
minion bye elections in the vidings of
‘West Queens, St. John City, N. B.:
Bruoo East and East Lambton, Ontario.
‘Nominations will be on Tuesday, Feb.
2nd with elections on the 9th.

  
 
   
   

read and adopted.

committees aa follows :—

 
 
 
   

Stone Co., extra walks §23.27

Grant wood, Mrs. Johnson, $7.60.
An plication was receiv:
Laurent

ates.
From Rev. Thomas Nattress
for the free use of the hall, coun

  
  
    
    
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
      
 
 
    
   
    
    
    
     
   
   
  
   
   

vention will bs. held at Essex next
Thursday, Feb. 4, at 11 a m. to nom-
inate candidates for the Dominion and
Ontario Legislatores. A Public meet-
ing will be held in the Town Hallat 1
o'clock: The speakers billed to appear
are N. A. Coste, J. W. Hanna. the Can-
_ didapes and others. #

———————

# THE bye-election for the Local Lagis.
ature in North Oxford, cansed by the
death of the late member, Andrew
Pattallo, was beld on Tuesday last, and
resulted in the election of Col. Munro.
tho Liberal candidate, by a majority of
about 1000. The resalt of this election

¥ "gives the Ross administration a work
ing majonty of four.

 

Property committee.
sorship at §35 salary.
Moved ‘by

Brooker case, bo passed to Davis &
—Carried.

 

lights be approved of —Oarried.

of Works' report was prese

coanta for

 

Ar the organization meeting of the og
Kingsville Pablo school board last week,

Tez Ecuo Printing Cb. expressing the |200030% of

thanks of the hoard for the kindly in- |
terest Ta Ecuo had maken in schoo! |
educational work in Essex Oooaty. as | read recommendiog the
exemplified m the providing of gold apd  tcliawing accounts

silver medals to be competed for in the | Ge F. Thomas, for iamrsasd insalling

wohool CXRMIDAIIO 1 1 sane hy per contrast... ne
= 0 1608 The | nevis & Davis, law costs, Brooker ve

wood, be paid.
The repcrt was adopted.

   
    
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
 
 
   
   
  
    
  
    
   
 
  
 
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
   
   
  
   
    
    
  
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
    
    
   
 
   
   
   
   
  
   
    

pils. This year THE Ecao will offer | The Pettypiece ~flex Stone Co. fr extras
be > : re Thomond St, walk 15 be charged

two gold medals, to be asarded to the | to Losal Impro
; | Healt and UCharity—

boy snd girl who take the highest | er ea te Mya. Jonson: uv cs

marks at the Entrance examinations | Mr Clay gives notice of

pext summer. Competition as before | tHe next meeting defining

open to all Socth Essex pablic schools. | the Chief of Police.
The by-law appointing officers for
was read a first time.
CANADA’S R. R. COMMISSION. OCooncil were into committee of
law Mr. Tomlinson in the chair.
By law read and blacks filled “in
follows :—

Tur Dominion Government has done
a wise thing in cooosing three of car best
men for this important work. Tha
tropbles between the people and the
railroads will now have a spacial coart
of their own. This will ba a great bene-
fit to all classes of people saving moch

litigation and expense. The commission
is to be a court of record in the ordinary

legal sense. Tho Board will have large
‘powers. They will adjust tariffs,
regulate rates, and inquire into all mat-
ters of dispate batwean the railways and
tho people. The poorman will be as
fairly dealt with as the millionaire. The
men chosen ars three of Canada’s best,
' representing all parts of the ooantry,
and men who are capable of judging in
matters of all kinds that may come be-
fore them. Hon. A. G. Blair is an east-
ern man, was Premier of his provinces,
has been in Sir Wilfrid Lsarier’s cab-
inet. He is chairman of the Board.
Prof. James Mills has been for many
years President of the Ontario Agrical-
tural college, Guelph. Farmers will
_have a friend in him. He is a maa with
a pleasant manner but as firm as a rock.
Hon. M. E. Bernisr 1a the. Qaabao re-
preseutative and is acquainted with all
tho needs of his province. The Com-
missioners may hold offi 3a for ten yvars
during good behavioar, bat may be re-
moved aay time by the government.
They are eligible for re-appointment at
the end of their term, bat mnst retire at
the age of 75. The salaried are $10,000
for the chief commissioner and $3000 for
each of ths others. © They have great
responsibilities and so should be well

paid.

Healy, at salary of $30 each.
Medical Health officer, Dr.

exclugive of medicines which shall

   
 
  
  
   
   
 

cil.

Board—J. D. Eurk.

Janisse
Town Clerk, J.

salary of $300,
Town - Treasurer,

     
  
  
   
  
   
    
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 

town hall.

Drouillard nt a salary of $49 each.
Town

pean, Alex Bonnett, Emile Janisse,

John Tomlinson, when on

ceive $2 per day

liam Richard and Eli Renaud

third time and fins ly passed.

evening of February 11th.

would want it.
break the rule.
$3 for above service.

ried

 

LEAMINGTON.
selves to give orders,
This led upto a discussion

A Sootch banquet was given in the
3 ‘Erie house, Tuesday night, by the Scotch |
clement in Leamington. It was one of
the most sacovssfol social events ever
en in given inthe town. McMillan,
tton, and Hollingshead, of Ridge-
town, were the entertainers. After an
elaborate dinner, which was made piqa-
ant by music of bagpipes, toasts were
n and- responded to, with J. D.
in the chair. Among those who
responded were Dr. Sampson, - Rev. S.
G. Boone, Lewis Wizle, E._ McKay B.
A, Wm. McSween, BR H. Knox, M. F.
Pamaville, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Parvis, Dr.
Elliott, J. E. Johnson. =

 
   
   
   
  
    
   
  
   
 
 
   
  
     
  
   
  
   

for the town, if be didn't order it.

back.

ard was tobe returned.

but was ruled oatof order.
Mayor

 

 

BIRTHS.

Larris—On Peles Island, the wife of Mr Robt.
% Little, cf » dsughter. 8 W36 OF Mr Bo
A *  Barmowi—In Kingsville, Friday. Jan. Zind, the

or pee Bl
Drszas-la Colchester North. Seiurisy, Jas.
=ed, wife = wand Denesa, ®
dasghter.

Avaws—Iio r. Thursday, Jan. Slat, the
‘wife of Mr. E L. Adams. of a dacghter.

———————  —

MARRIED.
by Bev. BE

Olivast, Thursday, Jasusry 14th. Mr. Wm.
Peurce, of Tilbury W. []
est, Mise Jenne

  
 
    
   
    
   
  
 

passed round.
ba collector of water mates, and

tively bat coulll get no ssconder.

left over to a future mesting.
Council adjonrnod.

  
  
  
 
 
   

 

 
 

“AMHERSTBUSG COUNCIL |

Clay.
Minantes of provions meetings were :
ogates

Accounts and communications wars
read and referred to their respective

Board of Works—Pettyplece Silex

  
 
  
   

Health & Charity committee, Jos.

   
  
 
   
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
  
 
  

ed from
oux as collector of water | pleasi

  
  
  
    
 
  
   
  
 
   
 

chamber and kitchen for Presbyterian
Jubilos Feb. 25th and 26th. Referred to

From W, R Pizer asking for asses

Mr. Clay, seconded by
Mr. Tomlinson, that a warrant for $10

for witness fees in connection with the
Davis.

Moved by Mr. Clay, saconded by Mr.
Fillion, that the action of the mayor in
paying the account of $735 for eleotric

Council took a recess of half an hoar
for committeas to prepare their reports.

When the council resumed, the Board
nted by Mr.
Tomlinson referring the following ac-
payment :—Tne Pettypiece
Sulex Walk Ca., for extras on the south
side of Richmond street, Mrs. Brown
218 foot $33 88 and O. H. Kemp, $9 feet,

The Health & Charity Committes's

the ercretary was instracted ® ‘write | report was read recommending that the
Joseph Grant for 8750 for

The Finance Committes’s roport, was
payment of the

 

medals were open to competition to all | pAzbmtary sesaed oe . oy . Ab Mot . a
: ble school sobolsrs in Sonta Essex, 1 TONTEAD Slalrey. i mon L) sary } oon are will baa’ dead sido fo the 10sSoms. es rom the ree limit will not expire should it be neces. f
and were both taken by Kengreille | Lapis, - - Jes Pn i aan ei oa In. a Jear | saryito goito thi, Railway Commission. shirt and drawers, $1.00" to
al | a o AT [HSS aX POS a wan Wek o oo A : 0 a - >
| _ Pez Board of Worke— Ts P - is TE FEY TL) Reeve Drammond, of Merseaand Alex | Several lines heavy all wool $1.65 according to size, to

wement aot... i

7 5 | lef: his in sod that 1s the beet way,
8 by-law as

the duties of | need to be caltivared.
904 | orchard. Do mot work it on shares.

the | not to. go too deep or you will disturb
whole for the second reading: of the by-

Anditors John Lovegrove and Robert

Teeter at a salary of $25 to cover attend-
ance on indigents of the municipality |

procured from drugstores and bills of
same rendered to and paid by the coan- |

Rapresentative on the Public, Library
Member of Board of Health—Emilé

H. O. Leggatt, at |

J. P. Duke, ot a sal- | tilizer but it most be nnlocked. Natare
ary of £100, the office to be kept at the

Assessors, G. E. Palford and HC

constables. withoat salaries,
Robert Maisay, John Gact, David. Moa.

Boufford, Jos. Grant, Lewis Lamdéy and
duty to re-

Fence Viewers—W. J. Smith, Wil-

Chief Engineer at waterworks, F. H

McCaffrey at salary of #10 per month.
Council resumed and by-law read a

The BR. W. S. of the Presbyterian
church made application for the use of
the council chamber and kitchen for the

Ar. Terry said that the difficalty, he
saw was that if one mot itfree others
He'd rather go. down
in his pocket and pay 500 himself than

Tho tariff was read and found to be

Moved by Messrs. Jones and Terry,
that the matter be left with the Proper-
ty committee with power to act —Car-

Moved by Mr. Terry that therebe a
printing committee and that order blanks
be printed Ho thought that chairmen
of committee sbonld not take it on them-

the matter of ordering things in general.
Mr. Terry was asked how _it was there
was barrel of cylinder ofl at the station

Mr, Terry said that the agent had
taken it on himeealf to sand ithe oul along
and he (Terry) was going to send it

It later developed that there were
two barrels at the station and one at E.
Woods, the latter being not up to stand-

Daring the reading of the “by-law ap-
pointing town officers Mr. Barron moved
that Dr. T. James’ Park te M. H. O.,

Brault said he had no objection
to Dr+Park, but liked to see the offices

Mr. Barron moved that rJohn Healey
W. R. Pizer bo asscasor at $25 respec

The appointment of a Chief of Police,
assistant engineer, and the firemen was

St. John's chureh, Sandwich, was the
scene of A very pretty wedding last
| (Thursday) night, when Geo. McCallum

of Detroit, was united in marriage to

Skirt Lengths
A desirable lot of ends of
dress goods in skirt lengths,
one quarter off until February
18, i

SAVE MONEY i

 
 
 
  
     

 
 

  

years old. Ho was
any man who does not seo the
of a Fa * Tostitute is living in
darkness. If you wonld keep the
0 farm you must love the farm
pot and life into it
make tho farm attractive and the boy#
will stay. If you wonld kesp the boys
on the farm yon mast deal fairly with
them ; yon mast remember thoy are. like
yourself. not scold and be out of
patience if the boy is not perfect. Study
your bags. They are not all cf tho same
disposition. One boy likes horses, an-
other is fond of the garden. Pat each
in his place. Do not keep everlastingly
nagging ac the boys. Never ron the
boy and find fault if he does not do just
right the first time. Talk to your boys
about your work. Iuterest them in the
work of the farm. Make them fecl they
are partners in tho firm. Many times
tho boys will ‘make good sngRestions
No mau is going to live forever. Don't
keep all the money in your own hands.
Let the boys feal they have responsibil
ity. Let the boys do some business even
if they lose a little now and then: It
will cultivate business and judgment Mr. Aaid on Thursday introduced the
Always remember that the best thing | petition of the S. W. & A. Ry. Co. ask-
you can faise on the farm is men. Do | ing that their private bill be passed.
all yoo can to develop character and | james Kiog, M. D., of Leamington,
whether your boys stay on the farm or |p, been appointed Coroner for the
leave, they will do credit to their home | Goanty of Eaex, instead of Dr. Eade,
training. — removed.
The Seoretary read  potition in which Petitions have bean gent to the Muon-

. 4) .

dies’ Kid Gloves
a requist is made known. calling fur foipal Auditor asking tha: o special La 2
more artisans and farm laborers audit be made of the books of the rown-

A resolution was moved by Rev. Mr. | = 3 Eveni shades in dressed | . ”
N ship of Tubary West. vening 1% = : :
Nattress, and seconded by Mr. Costa, Joo Henry was in Toronto last week, | and undressed qualities—nice Men's Underwear and Socks

favoring the petition. It was carried Joo Heury wae ¥ eto Jest week,
Bd ee iat the MAM lection of shade soc.
Grey Shetland shirts and

Mr. Orr was then calied on and said -
that one of the best ways to keep the |resuwe his Satine ue the MoAlpine- | SE
Consumers Tobacco Co. a

; k, undressed >
a and black, drawers, nearly all sizes, 75¢,
only, soc. reduced to 49¢.

twenty-one 3

to adviges from, OLews,
a 2 10 a position iu the depart-
ment of the interior. Thimain features
of his new work will beibie medical ine
spection of immicranteenteriog the Do-
minion by way of thet Lawrench, and
the medical saperintemnon of the {
ferent Indian reservation. Tels probable
tbat Dr. Hodgetts, who has been Dr.
Bryos's assistant for eomoyears, will be
appointed to the position. Dr. Hodgetts
is well known in Essex Coty in con-| ,;nderwear,
nection with small-pox ant contagious

diseases.

4

  

   
  

          

 
     

 

ing was held. Tha del y
are J. E. Orr, of Fruitland, a practical
froitgrower, and LE Annis, of Scar-
boro. Owing to illness, Mr. Annis was
unable to ome, remaininffover in Wind-
sor. &
The first on the programme was J. E.
Orr, ot Froitland. Hissubject was “The
Oulture and Care of Fiuit Trees”. The
ng manner and genial countenance
of. the speaker caused the meeting to
anticipate something good and there
was no disappointment. Mr. Orr eail:
“If you wish to aise fruit yon must
pevpate thie ground.’ - The first thing to
do thoronghly underdrain. Fruit
trees like people cannot be healthy with
wet foot. The drains must be deep
endugh to take the water away. The
tree will not send ita voots down into
cold wot ground. Tho speaker told of
somo trees that wero planted on a wes
soil that grew for a while but finally
died. When they were palled out they
simply pesled off the top of the ground.
Fruit trees most not be crowded too
closely together Grapes should bs at
least ten feet apart Most vineyards in

this county are eight by five feet, only
giving forty square feet for the support
of each vine which needs 100 The vines
cau then bo trained ap to mx feet in
height. Apple trees shoold be 35 x 35
feet apart. Peaches miod each way.
Nothing is 50 necessary to the develop-
ment of perfect fruit as sanligbt. If
fruit grows in the shade it will lack in
both appearancs and flavor. Shade is
a breeding place for all kinds of froit
peste. The insect nnd the fangus thrive
in the dark By vplaotingthe tressn

    
  
  
  
  
       

 
 
 

 

  
  
  

Ladies’ Cloth Capes.

| Long lengths in colored

tweeds, 14 of them, regular
MP visitor to | Wi prices $8.00 to $12.00, choice

M K. Cowan, M. P., wasa tor to | Wi :

the Parliament Buildings av Thursday. | person at our store this week, |for $4 00.

ascomb Drain deformations wait- at the rices
os Ran ier esterday (Thursday) after one gages P :
James Oliver, of Wiodsar, occupied a | We quote to-day.

seat on floor of the House on -Wednes- 3 3
day of last week. A chance of such saving
comes rarely, and will not be

Dr. Smith, Collector of Sh
Windsor, was in the city oo on ayy
tc yours again this year.
You save if you choose

costoms business.
quickly. - You lose if not.

  
 
 
  
   
   
  

  
      
    

 

NOTES. :

 

   
   
    
   
  
    
      
   
  
    
  
   
   

   
   
    
   

    
    
         
       
   
      
     
     
  
  

 

   
      
    
  
    
   
   
   
    
  
   
  
  
   
  
    
   
     
 
   
 

    
  
    
  
  
    
      
      
    
     

Ladies’ and Misses’ Tackets
and Furs.

“Substantial reductions in all
lines, some good Astrachan
Jackets included.

  
  
 
 
   
    
  
   
  
  
    

 

    
     
     
    

 

    

     
     
   
  

    
   
    
    

 

     
     
 
  
   
     
  
   
    
     

 

 

|
| —
4

  
   
  
    
   
  

   
     
 

 
   

      
   

         

   
      
    

boys on the farm is to keep the -giris on
Mr. Aold presented a petition to the

the farm. Mr. Orr spoke on *-Uan. we
overcome. off years in car orchards ” | Lizat-Governor -ig Connell from ihe

  
  

   
    

  

      
     
  

rood distance apart there will be better | Many farmers do no regard the orchard | Qounty Council of Essex, asking that ao lich
resnlts, both in qasaiy and quantity. | of any great valae. They are satisfled | offler ba‘pasied protecting the dear in . love ight ; =

Train yoar irecs to Rrow ereoi. This | to get a crop evaryecond or third year. | the ccanty for 160 FOArs. Chamois glov 3, g Another line of Shetland
will require plantiog them at an augls | Bat with men who are in the fruit grow- | © Afr Aald bas given potice of an shades, 50¢. underwear 50¢ to 39¢.

amendment to the Ditches and Watar-
courses’ Act, to make {¢ more workable
nuder Mr, Cowan's Amendment to the
Dominion Railwas Aet, so that the time

10g work, it is a vital question, as they
have no other crop to depend on. “The
bod comes on the new growth of the
trwe, It is a pity to see too many

        
    

to rest the prevailing wind, 17 the
prevailing wind i€ south wear, slope
them in-that direction. San scald comes
on trees that do not stand encct and

 

Penman's special union
extra fine quality silver gray

   
   
       
   

All Wool Dress Goods.

    
     
    
   
   
   
   

  
  
   
  
    
   
      

dows unot:produce mach wood. It is
wise 10 +T¥ to so treat the tree that both
lealty growth will be produced and al-
so. #004 supply of fruit buds. If yoo
trim your trees tco much yon produce
suckers, It is well to trim the rootsiby
the use of the plow or cultivator ie
tarb some of: the roots. If you woold
have a crop of {ruit very year yon must
treat the treo thesamo évery year, Never
give too much fertilizer one year and
nous tho next. Caltivata every vear and
prass regularly. Mr. Orr believes: in

eredity in trees just the same as in an
fmals, and the nme will come when a
pedigrees will bs required with a tree
just a3 breeders do now with stock

Rev. Mr. Nattreas gave an addrees on
Arcnives and Family Recordsof Essex
County. Itis only lately that this mat-
ter has been properly looked after, The
Dowinion Government has given this
attention for many vears bat the Pro-
vinoial Legislature has not noticed it so
Jong» Aecxander Fraser has been chosen

and are easier to gather the fruit. Cal.
tivate voar orchard. . Do not Jeava it in
Some think becanse grandfather
bot
All kinds of fruit frees
It is not wise to
try to raise any other kind of crop in the

Baird, O.L. S., werein the city on
Wednesday and Intesviewed— Premier
Ross a8 toa grant to the Pelee Marsh
Drainage Scheme Tha original scheme
cost $32,844, sinoa which time $19,000
has boen expended. It 48 now pro)
to spend $13.722 1n improvement, mak-
ing a total $65,668, This reclaims 4000
acres by banking anid pucapiog.  Mersea
township has expended in drainage, in-
cloding this scheme, $51,208 64 since
1864. They were Introduced by- Mr.
Acid. and the Reeve and Mr. Baird ex-
plained the system of - drainage in Mer-
Vea, the wonderful improvement made
to the lands reclaimed, and he went in-
to the matter very mimutely asto the
patare of the soll, tye cost psr acre per
year, the climate, the siza of the pro-
drain and whaz the land will
produce, eto! The Premier had the
whole master in hand ina few minntes.
He then changed off on ta the wooder-
fol productiveness of Essex county and

EO or ie aud: Te. sear. | Jia many. advaniagaenising to its fine

oly the arta to be. found for this climate and, Joug ‘seasons.
work, Thern is no part of Canada that ry
is richer in Archives than Essex County. Pelee Council.
We shoald be proad of our fimily names rm
and family history. Saturday, Jan. 16th.
te COURT OF REVISION.
Counc’ met this day pursuant tono-

COLCHESTER NORTH- tioe as & Court of R vision on the Little

.
Thomas Torongsaa lost his 18 months’ | Marsh Relief Drain, all members pres;
old daughter. Tacsday of last week and | ont except, Mr. Srigiey. No notices of
the funeral was held, Thursday, barial | appeals having been: served on the clerk
being at McGregor cemetery. the meeting adjourn ed.
Thomas Bowler was offexed $100 for SPECIAL -MEETING.
an 8 months’ colt, last week) by a man Special session aff the couucil was held
from the North West The colt took | Same afternoon for the purpose of com-

first prizs at the Harrow Fair, last fall. pleting matters in. connection with the
The eldest son of Ben Kissner was Lisle Marsh Relief Drain and other

sovorely cat. in the suoulder by an axe fralnmms, all mambers present except
n the hands of his companion, whils v bod
catting logs. The axe glanced with the Moved by Mr. White, seconded Ly

veral sti bs (Mr. Mickle, that By-law No. 156, being
os LAER Ful 8ti tones Te | 'a by-law to provide for drainage work in

. the township of Pelee and for borrowing
GOSFIELD SOUTH

on the credit of the muricipality the
i sum of $537 for completing the same

A. F. Scratch, of 20d concession, fs/in
poor health this week.

having been read a first and second time
be now read n thizd time and passed —

Miss Eva Shepley is visiting friends at
Olinda for a fow days.

Carried.
The infant daughter of Leason Fal.

Moved by Mr. White, secontled by
Mr. Mickle, that the clerk advertise for
mer has qoite recovered from an attack
of scarlet fever.

tenders for the purchase of the deben-
tureq of the Little Marsh Relief Drain in

Michael Abbot and Aurelian Grainger
visited at the home of G. I Jones, of

Tae Econo, Amberstburg.—Carried.
Upion, on Sunday Inst.

“Moved by Mr. Mickle, seconded by
Mr Barpes, that the clerk procure the

A party was given Tuesday evening at
the home of Arthur Aogustine, 2nd con-

pecedsary debentnre forms from THE
Ecno Printing /Co.—Carried.

cession. A very pleasant time was spent

by all.

Moved by Mr. Barnes, seconded by
A vote of the ratepayers in school

Mr. Mickie, that Wm. Carter. st, be
snd is appointed commissioner to let,
suparntend and receive the drainnge | -

section No. 1, west of Kingsville, taker Work known as the SF pe

on Friday last, to ascertain the feeling

of the section regarding the building of

a new school house resulting in 8 against

Draia —Oarried.
Moved by Mr. White, seconded by
the new building and 3 for it.
ARSER.

Mr. Mickle, that the Reeve be and is
hereby * empowered to issns orders for
the payment of ths work of constroe-
tion, €to., of the said drain, a8 the same

The anniversary services of the Bap- | progresses —Curried.

tist church will bo held on Sunday, Feb. | James J. Orce. one of the Auditors

7th, when the Rev. G. B. Brown, of | appointed at tho last meeting, tendered

Blenheim, will preach morning and eve- hisresignation in Wr.tiog.

ning, nnd the Rev. BE. D. Sherman will | The recve reported that O. B. Van

conduct the service in the afternoon at 3

p. m. The usual toa meating will be held

on Monday evening. —Forrest Iler spent

from Saturday till Monday in Detroit.

Epp M.D.. had reported to him that
Rudolph Heipley, liviog at Robert Lit-
tle's, wad in need of medical assistance
aad not able to pay Jf ihe spu: that

io - the Dr. had been attending him, that he
from a; rik d bog id (tho ree¥e) had requested the Dr. to con-
By wh Sl AR tinne attendance until council met. Lett
little, or 50 botter.— Bethel school and | With the reeve and toreportat next
also McCormd  Jamecting
Holo ck ashaul ate Slassd so ne The reeve also reported that the work
gous a ge Ai A It spairs on Henderson Road Award
with her brothers here —Frank Staple. | DAB Pad hot hoen completed by ceria
ton is moviog into Arner. He has rent- re 1940 Soy th avaul.

i re Ei Dr apa The Clerk stated that the award rer

ih Pp Boe) a ferred 0 Was not on fyle he havin,

Jennio Heath and removed a small stone,

about as big as & white bean, from one

of hor care. It is supposed to have been

lodged there about ten years.

 
 
  
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
 

 

tweeds, in small neat checks clear $1.00.

dp i and 75¢/  lored Merino socks, odd
goodslor Jie aa lines, prices to clear 25¢.

A line of Eve bis la An all wool line of socks, 2
ED, STRIPED DRESS GOODS, 2|..irs for 25c.

shades blue and white, green : -
Men's woollen socks, plain

and white, black and white, |
brown and white, regular $1, and ribbed, also’ extra heavy

reduced to 75¢. | blizzard socks 2sc.

Bartlet, Macdonald & Gow,

WINDSOR.

* | sod.

it is a mistake

     

 

 

      
          

   

| Plow as early as possible but bo careful

  
    
    

  

        
    
    

the fibrous roots that feed the tree.
Then as soon as it is pecessary use the
cultivator as if it was a field of corn. In
order to got near the trees without doing
them any injory use a grape hoe which
will do the work of balf a dozen men
It is well to work the ground up to the
first weak of July. Tha cover crop is
a great help to the orchard. The ideal
be | cover crop is Dot yet known: Vetches
t | have been tried bat are 160 favorable
for mice. Rape bas a soft substance
that robs off and is disagreeable to the
| fruit pickers. The best yet known is
grass, pease and oaw. The cover crop
keeps the soil humid and warm and
makes a good manure supply. In the
upper eight inches of the soil lies hid-
| den thousands of dollars worth of fer-

       

   
 
 
  
    
    
    
   
  
 
 
   
  
 
  
 
   
         

as

 
  
  
  
  

  

   

0.

 

     
 

  
     
 
     
  
  
   
   
      
     
    
     
     
    
    
            

    
   
  
   
     

    

    

 

 

    
  
   
 

    
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
   
 
     
 

: 3 TRY ~~ 4
mE New Store

FOR.
Dry Goods,
Hats g Caps,
Boots @ Shoes,
and Rubber Good s

J.l. COUSINS

—~>Next Lake View Hotel.

| will get it loose in the cover crop. , Fer-
tilizers must be constantly applied The
best 18 barn yard manure. But wood
ashes may be vqual if not superior at
times. - Never sell your ashes. To sell
they will bring you ten cents a bushel.
| to keep they are worth a dollar. Apply
from a half bushel to three pecksto each
tree; Do not pat them in a heap under
ths tree, bat sow them broadcast over
the ground. - You can always buy ashes
from poor farmers but good farmers
will not sell them, Spraying s an ab-
solnte necessity if you ‘wish good frais.
Some mistakes have been mado that bas
given spraying a black eye but still it
pays when rightly done. Spraying will
destroy both insects and fungus. Mix
your spraying solotion ina very diluted
‘condition. This will pave the compound
substance that isso often found clog-
ging the muzzle of your sprayer.
not drench «your trees, but use a fine
mist like cload in which youn can seen
rainbow in the sun. Do not go over
your orchard In too great a hurry. Ir
you spend time and care in the spring
yon will reap your reward in the fall. |
It is well to spray up to July. nnd some-
times even after and thas drive off the
spores that cause the brown spots on
the apple cheek. Trees sprayed during
the season have yielded 95 per ocnt. of
perfect fruit while those not sprayed
have ’ given only twenty. flve per cent.
There was a profitable discassion about
how to got a market How to pack
frait and send it to the English market.
Mr. Ritchie gave a very instructive
paper on “Gevneral Management and
Care of Stock,” which we were unable
to obtain but which will appear in full
next week.

EVENING MEETING.

A good programme was arranged for
the evening session in the town ball,
and at 5 o'clock Rev, S. G. Livingstone
took the chair, but owing to the lack of
heatdin the hall the meeting to bo
given up. The heat coming ‘feom the
fornace reemed wholly inadegtate to
cope with the chilly atmosphere. |

TUESDAY'S SESSIONS,

Owing to tho storm in the morning,
it was impossible to get an attendance
and no session was held.

Tuesday afternoon quite a number
assembled. The Secreiary, Mr. Coats-
worth made a few remarks about what
some small boy had said , that the men
who came to speak a> theso Farmers’
Institutés wero not practical men bat
had gained all they knéw from feading
books, but this‘is only said by those
who do not know, as all these men ‘are
workers, Mr. Orr being engaged dn a
farm of 180 acres.

Rov. 8. G. Livingstone was then call-
od to the chair.

The first speaker of the afternoon was
Mr, Coste, who has been a good friend to
tho Institare and had secured a special
jrant from the County. Council. Mr.

    
 
  
    
  
  
 

L

     

A

 
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
  
    
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
   
   
   
   
  
 
   
   
    
 
 
   
  
      
   
   
    
   
   
  
  
   
   
     
  
   
     
  
   
  
   
      
   
  
     
  
   
 

    
  
    
  
  

    
    
  
   
   
   
   

 
 
  
 
  
  

    
   
    
  
   
    
    
   
   
     
    
   
    
   
   
  
  
   
   
      

   
     
    
    
  
 
    
     
    
   
    
   
    
 

 
 
   
 
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
      
 

 

   
   
 
 
    

        
       

    

    
    

Hoven Broek,

 

     
    
        

  
 

 

 

 

   
  
  
   
    
   
   
    
   
    
  
   
   
   
   
  
    
  
  
    
    
   

on

    
     
   
   
    
   
   

  
   
     
  
    
     
 
    
     
      

   
 
  

Seasonable Groceries.

My Store is filled with all that's choicest in

Fes Groceries and Provisions.

Fruits, Peels, Raisins, _Currants, Figs, Nuts, Candies,
Dates and everything delightful for the little ones.
Choicest Brands Teas, Coffees, Canned Goods,

T. ©, BARROL *

Opposite Dr. Olark's Livery, AMHERSTBURG

   
   
   
  
   
    

   
   
   
   
   
  
 
   
  
 

   
  
  

     
         
   
  
   
    
 
 
     
    
   

       
    
   
     
 
  
   
  
   

    
   
   
  
    
   

that

 

 

 

 

  
   
      
    
 
 
 

      
   

 
   
    
     
     
  

   
   
  

       
    
  

 
 
     
   
  
  
  

 

 

   
   
  
   
  

searched every likely place for it. Mov
by Mr. White, seconded by Mr. Mickle,

faks proceedings under
the Ditches and Watercourses’ Act on
behalf of the townsip for the reconsid-
of the award of the Henderson

  
  
    
   

 
   

 
  
  

Valentine Day

 

 

 
 
 
  
 
 

Amherstburg Markets.

Friday, Jan.
...§4 40
4 00

3
3
1

«588888 U5 ERE IBIS

  
 
 
  

 

  
 
  

VALENTINE DAY is close at hand with all its .gaiety and
mirth. Most everybody will want a valentine. gs a
beautiful, bright and “fanciful selection. A great line of

comics at | gent. 3

Beautiful Lace Valentines at 1c, 2¢,
36, 46, 5¢, 10c, 15¢, 25¢ & 50c.

The prettiest selection you ever saw and any price you wants &

spoke in favor of Preferential

  
      
    
  
 
  
  
 
   
   
  

GOSFIELD NORTH.

OVITAM ‘
(uttam attended th
gen. by LO. O.F.
ssox.—9m. Backland bas

  

   
  
   
  

      
 
 
  

  
 
 

For coughs, colds, bronchitis, § | oyster bond

asthma,. weak throats, weak
lungs, consumption, take
Ayer’s Cherry Pectoral.

- Cherry
Pectoral

ways keep a bottle of it in
he house. We have been §
saying this for 60 years, and §
so have the doctors.

SremierEe |

       
 
 

BYTTNS-

S3888888.8538RIIAIEEE

    
  

 

ay

E. F. DARBY,

DRUGGIST and OPTICIAN. HARROW.

[WE wo

    
   
  

 
  

           
 
 
  
 
 
  

     

     
 
 

      

REMIND

ood

 

 

 

ULD

t
i

E

f
EE

 
 

[

li
il]
