     

    
 
 

ECHO,

» © Vike

STE RG

——t

 

    
     
     
 
  
  
  
   
  
   

  

Nw

WE ARE very busy Stock Taking after oli of the most - OUR :

 
    

‘successful year's business in the history of the store. WILL GOMNENGE :

ng a Hence a great many Short Ends, Remnants, etc. Jan. 16th, 0%. wart

 
  
  

   

 

- OR IT.
that must be cleared out regardless of cost. :

 
 

¥

 

gr Full particulars Next Week.

: T. B. ADAMS, Harrow.

THE ECHO IS THE OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF COLCHESTER SOUTH.

TL ((RERSRS
I" HARROW. po g SOUTH. (7
MRIRSRERERSE, aa

 

         
          
     
       
 
  
         
         
 
    
 
   
 
       
    
     
      
  
     

 

 

 

    
    
    
       
  
  
  

     

TAxes—The ratepayers ara reminded
thut the school sedsions require their
money, Ao kindly hurry in your taxes,
Fir the accommodation of those who
do bowers in Herrow, I will be at 7,
B. Adam's store every Satorday to re.
oeive taxes. JonN AFFLECK, Oolleotor,

   
    
 
 

ANNIE TARA.

Stove. STOP IT 11

 
   

 

 

y li Lu
MoCLARY'S FAMOUS MODEL NO. 150. 5. Ame aon BR 0 | arnt or HR WITH
ndon, Monday. fa 4 fn defeorive  flae, Sanday noon, The
Bud Ohristie, of Windsor, spent Sun- Ahn Maggio Wileon is visiting lo De- |g 1 00 sprond so rapidly that only the DA BY’S wi ITE P
day at Chas. Garrett's. . tarniture downstairs wos saved. It is w I] E

 
 

Nearly as good as new can be bought for HALF THE
PRICE of anew one,, The name of the stove is. sufficient

guarantee. A rare bargain that only comes once,perhaps once
in a lifetime,

Mr. and Mrs. OG. A. McMahon spent! Misa Oarrie Toffomireis visitioR in| cers severe loss to Mr. Roso as he’

New ¥ear's in Detroie. Hurrow. bought the place only Inst sammer. He co DI
Dr. apd Mrs. Sparling have returned Miss Wall, of Gest, ls visittof ner | had #350 insarauce yn the house. $200 : R AL.

after visttiun relatives in Torcuto, _ | aunt, Mre. J. Evaus. on the contents but the place alone was
Mr, nod Mrs, Ernest Thorpe, of Wind. | Mra. krank Stockford i down with an worth 81200 Mr. Rose is in un qoundry

sor, are visteiug at Ohas. Richardson's. nttnok of rheumuiisn. jast what to do now.
To REXT—A house aud threo acres of A. B. Harring spont the past wosk §n The nnuonl Christmas tres of Ohrist

  

Wishing my friends and customers A Happy aad Pros-
perous New Year. {

The best Cough remedy on the market, It has

  

  

 

    
  
  

i land in the village. Apply to MRS. AL- | 'Lorouto, visiting friends. church. Qolchester, which was held on
- ! orleans pry James Halstead has porchased a fine | Now Yonr's eve, wasn grand Success, stood the test of years.
Miss Ella Wright saug a very pleasiog | naw Marun & Son cutter. while those who took part in the pro- Cures Cough | S chiti
#o0l0 in the Methodists. oharch. nt the | Abner P. Ferrie? little daughter tg ii} | &ra@me acquitted themaelves most crec- ghs, Co ds,sHoarseness and Bronchitis, -

 

Sanday evening service last. with inflammation of the lungs, ftably indeed. The nttendance was good

  
 
 
 

The Big iia J RUMBALL.

 

 

 

- and the children enjoyed themselves be 58 B :
oy Savio at tho hii acetic Miss Sadie Atkin, of Malden, visited youd meaware especially a hen the distri- ™y rz
: o 1S gel of prayer Are ne wel ut | rolntives in Colchestor Jast. week. bution of prizes from the tres took place |] a = ] 4
h Z RANA 7 7 ji aga faagh duterons manifesto, Mise Ida Marontate has recovered | all of which gladdened the hearts of the ;
aL AN RRA MG I have lot of fence wire for sale, al&o | gr, 4 glight ntteok of tonsilitis. 1ittle ones na weil ns roany who did pos DRUGGIST and OPTICIAN, HARROW,
two curs of cedar posts coming in at 15 J H. Madill arrived on ‘Saturday and | consider the maolves children. The re- : - ;

 

  
 
  
  
    
  
  
    
   
   
    
  
    
  
 

and 20 cents. O. M. Pastorius, Harrow.

Servico will bo discontinued in St. ’
Androw's Episcopnl church Harrow, for | Jud Shay is deliveriog his tobacgo 10
the present owing to the state of repair. the Empire Tobacco Co., at Leanington.

T,B. Adams shipped two cars of | Isaac Muldergold a brown mare to
choice Burley leaf to the MoAlpine.Con- | Wm. Pilon, McGregor Wednesday for
sameys Tobacco Co., Torouto, Wedaes- | $105.
day 3 Mrs. Olorence Wright entertained a
Mins Helon'Stocker and Oolin Arner | nyimpar of her friends on New Year's
wero guests New Years, of Mr. and Mra. | ion, ’
I, O. Langlols, Union House, Amherst- Mr. aud Mrs. Buelow, of Detroit, are

i, Munger received the head of | Yisitiog the latter's sister, Mrs, Perry
the'bugk he shot in the North, beauti. [Lypps. ‘

tally monuted, Wednesday. Itisn fine | Miss Laon Bondy. of Windsor, visited
pleco of work, n fuw days with her sister, Mrs. Thor.
~The communion of the Lord's sopper | Laoter,

will be dispensed in the Presbyterinn | Guo. Byron and family spout New
ohurch on Sabbath next, Jan. 10th. at | Year's with Mrs. Bradford Yonug, of
the morning service, Malden.

A contingent from the Salvatfon'| There warn registered ln this town.
Army, Kingsville, drove over to Harrow { ahip for 1908,83 births, 16 marriages aod
pnd beld a» meeting in the townhall, | 37 denths.

Tae-day nighs. It was poorly attended. |. ww G. Baldwin entertained the

Three coal stoves have besh pat in the | pedro club, on Wednesday evening of
Tools of the Razzow pabiis sohionls od lage week.
much better resalis have been gbtain
‘than from the faraace. which never did The corn catters advertised in Robert
hese tho rooms properly,

Rav. George Long has retarded from
Gravenhurst, wher he went to see Mry.
Loug. She is somewhat improved. We
are forry to report that Mr. Long's . sis-
ter died as Oreamore, beforo he reached
her bedside.

Miss Ells Brush, davghter of the late
Stephen Brush, was married at the
. | Parsonage, Kingsville, Wednesday after-
—eee ee I noon to William Lowrey, of Walker-

mm 4 villo, The happy ooaple will reside in
A b Walkerville. Tue EcHo extends cou:

: Money Saved tS % gratuintions

The flve young ladies who are vespon-
| Money - Gained.

ceipts mounted to about §20. @

Ohbns, Bell & Bro., Iosuranoce Agts.,
has received ncknowledgements from
Paul Morand, exeontor of Henry Morand,

A, pp
the late OCouuty Treasurer, of the
prompt payment by the Canada Life
Assaranos Co, of the $2000 i surance .
on the life of Henry Morand. 2c

Morand stating that the Oanada Life
was the first to pay of tho three Coe.,
Mr. Morand was insored with. They
also received this week cheque from the
Waterloo Matual Kire Insurance Co. for
Joshaa Adams sod Byron Wigle in full
of theirlossss by fire which ocoarred
Inst month,

The following item has been sent for EW and popular store in Harrow
publication: "The Oxley  Babbach il a ve

school Christmas eugertainment on has been thronged with eager buy- ¥.
Ohristmas eve wns a déolded success,

slthoagh ee i ers since the Big Sale announced in last
possible to get there. Yet we hada
fall house and the bestof order. Every-
one seomed well pleased, nnd the ohild-
rou and nll connected with it in any
way did remarkably well both in re

tations, dialogues, songs eto. The
Suider's nugtion sale should have read Shennord’s a by i young

corn plavers. ladies under the direction of Mrs.
Misses Daisy Bailey and Mary Foster, {Ida Thrasher was especialy good. Owing
of Amherstbarg, have been visiting ut] to the absences of onr ynator ou accouut
David Foster's. of sickness, onr Asst, Soperinteudent,
Mrs, Mary Moiock, of ‘Gagetown, is] Thomas Herniwno, ably filled the chair

spandiag a week with Bey rriond, Mra. The tree was woll filled with presents

Ben. Bondy, for she S. 8. 6hildrep, teachars, parents
For sale cheap, one good box stove, al: | 203 frionds. Procceds of the eveulug

80 n base barnar: Apply to Alex. Hack- $20.15,

ots, Colchester, y

Tho ico harvest bas commenced “and
those intending to pat it up, will lose no

reopened school on Monday Inst,

  

 

  

  

 

  

  

  

 
    
  
 

    

We will give twenty-five per cent. off on the
balance of our stock of Heating Stoves. We have
only a limited number left and to. sell thesbalance off
we offer this great inducement. Ifyou need a Heater
Call in and see them. Example:—We give you a ten
dollar. stove for seven Bi. The above prices. are

y a

for cash only, Come ear nd get the choice while
they last. .

   
 
 
 
 
  

    
    
     
     
          
    
      
 
  

      

 

 

   
  
   

   

   
       
   
    
   
 
       
   

week's Eco. The sale still goes on;

  

  

 

      
  
  
  
   

and every day is Bargain: Day.

     
      

THE OLD STAND:

RICHARDSON'S HARDWARE,

HARROW.

 
 

We will have some merc interest-

  
    
     
     
 
      
           
  
       

  
  

       
     
     
 
    
 
  
     
   
  

ing prices to announce next week,
#] sd

"In the meantime come to us ifé you

    

     
  
 

     
 
 

     

want to save money, and at the same

    
 

 

GOLDEN WEDDING
The beuutifal new homs of Thomas
D, Olark, of Oxley, was thescona of n
time iu securing it. gay nod festive fuuotion.on New Year's

Joseph Fox and family spent New Day, it being the fiftieth anniversary of

Year's with their daughter in Malden, | Mr. snd Mra. Clark's wedding day. Av
Mrs. William Anderson. 2 40 in the afternoon, the entire company

Several of the farmers’ are teaming tothe number of thirty, ast down 0

baao tables which fairly groaned beneath
their 10) to Leamington instead of i}, ey weight of good things, Those pres-

watting for a car,to ship in. ent weve Mr. and Mrs. S. S. Malou, . “
Edward Taylor returns to the O. A. | their daughter, Mra. Lipclis Smith and RR
Q., Guelph Inst week. Maurice Bald- | hor son: Worth, allof Detroit; Mr. sud PS ® q ; :

   
 

timé get the Goods you require,

 
 
  

¥ W

  

bak
sible for the excellent shadow social at Lo
0. I. Pasroring’ New Yvar's night, are
desurving of Rreus crodic, for everything
passed off very pleusantly and all en-
Joyed shemselves. Game and social
intercourse was the order aud the pro-
ceeds were over $13,

Tho newly vlected trustees have al-

   
 

 

 
    
  

§

     
  
        
        
 
  
   
  

    
   
   
 
  
 
     
   
     
  
    
    
     
     
   
  
   

  

 

 
 
  
  
 

Great Quarter Off Sale in Ready-made

   

Clothing. This,is your chance, ‘do not” : Tonty hy re ihe stevugous Jie, by win returned thers last MguliYe Mie Adaut Tie pod danghter, Lars; of
is iss 1 : : “ Fino »inter weather prevails. Sleigh naw, Mich. ; - Mr. an rs. Honry . [ hr : i OW. :
: miss it, Only a few Suits left, Come Bio ao ihut Ay ody i Tg re of ing 18 good and the voung people are | Price, of North Adams, Mich. ; Mrs. Ww. The Big Store, 1 | AT Hin HARRO »

more than enjoying themselves. D. MoVey and daughter, Nios, of'l'o-
good uot, 4nd oysywilch may. fave Joye ronto; Mr and Mra. J. B. Knapp and

many a dollar for property owners of Miss Aggie McDonald, and two broth. {
the village, in case of fire, ers, of Tevswater, are spending the holis a aT Murch snd Ny iluces of

Lik Mission i Qircla 3 tho Baptist days with their sister, Mra. Bon. Bonds. | 5¢ Datroit; Mr. and Mrs. David S. Clark,
chnroh met at the Rov, (Mr) Smithet’s. | ne ana Mrs. Horry Walker and Mrs, [of Sarnia; Mra. Eva Olark,
Tuesday afternoon. The officers elected | yr vo MoDonnld, of Windsor, spent New | and daughter, Hazel, Mra, Erle Herd-

were ds follows: —President, Mrs. H. | 0 §
Ros: i oor’s d ith their sister, Mrs, Ben, [man and father, Geo. Hubbell, all of
cbrugh ; Vice Pres., Mm. A. Mon. Bas. 87. ie Oxley. Before. the company sat down

ger ; Seo., Mrs. F. WRosebrngh; Treas, ble, n'fl ight view of the
Mro Smither. Tho circle has had one | Oscar Secord and wife moved Wed. — wiih Th McVey, of To-

2
AMATO UI ET
I Ew fl onze peye yours in 1t4, Listory raising | nesday from the Herring {nem to lve |, “ater dinner a fash light view

early and get your size while v
them,

 

 

 

 

 

 

FRIGHT & ZIMMERMAN,

   
     
    
 
    
   
   
    
    
   
     
  
   

 
  
 

   
 

 
  
  

 

 

  
 
    
  
    
  
 

—————— RN $70 which was, divided between Home | With their gonin law, David Anderson, of the entire family was taken, nud also

[TITIIYIIITS | III YY & Foreign misfions, Maidan. ona of the four generations, consisting / ;

D. D. G. M. Smith, of Loamington, A couple of sleighloada from Malden ;

installed the following officers of Har- | spent a very enjoyable time at H. B. of M TaN The Slr, thoi afters . { ; ; : od

row Lodge, No. 300 I. 0. O. F.,, Monday | Quick's Tuesday evening, in dancing | aud her son Worth. After tho pictures | 3 Q PIECES Gratton & Co.'s best English Prints, spring patterns.

night: —N. G., Jud. Lypps; V. G., |nand cards, were taken, the company was pleasantly | © © We have handled in our time a great many lines. of prints, but

Siok Tata; Rao. ay 1 Zin mean : a: Wii Binech : ia fupraving his | entertniaed by music asd geotiusions by never saw as perfect printing as we can show you So mnroN.

. ., Dr. 7 Treas , reed of hogs by adding to his herd two | Miss McVey. Mr. and Mrs. Olark. are AAV Tore > al French Fiannels

Asia; Wyardas: Duncan Ferriss; BS. ks bred Polaud Qhinas and two pore | both hale oa hearty. and look as if they | They are dale Bro pauernsy equg to ¢

a CR Sau} LsNg Jno: red red Jarsays: might live for maoy years yet to enjoy appearance, p Cs

SV A 8.0 Dhee a “R Miss Aggie O’Koefo has returned [the 1ellowship of their loved ones. Tneir : x ; i el

Hafan: I. Gaal iC ter” tha | from pending holldaya with her mother | family consists of seven children, fifteen { Aiso 78 pieces Canadian Prints at roc, and other lines down to se.

a pr itiots, After, he | we’ Kingsbridge: Sho “will contiouy| grand, children and ove gre: grand ; :

G. Ferriss’ restaurant where. oyaters. | fetching in 8. 8. No. 8. + child. The Fe es oh A large invoice of Ladies’ Whitewear, Skirts, Corset Covers, Night

and other subjects were discossed and o | At the asnual meeting Wodneaday of Lr Tyr at Mek Gowns, etc. Sia

pleasant after meeting held, J Ne 2. Walser Mathes Bod Mra, Olark tako the  opportanity. of ; 2
The regular business meoting of the v . 2" | thanking those Who assisted so kindly in

Baptist church, Harrow, was held Wed. | {OF tho next torm of three years. entertaining their guests while they re-

nesaay afternoon, at which the election | Quite an epldemid of scarlet fever ex-| pinged in Oxley. [HE EcHo, extends

 
 

   

  
   
  
 
   
  

  

     

ers for their patronage of the past year, and

     
 

    

I DESIRE to extend thanks to my custom-

to solicit'a continuance of the same during

     
  
   
   
   
   
   
    

  
    
  
  
  

the yedr upon which we have entered. They
will always find me ready to supply their
‘wants with a full line of Furniture.

.

  
 
  

       
 
 
 
 
 

  
 
   

 

 

 

Picture Framing also promptly done.

 
 
 

GECFEFTOE EE Y

 
  

 

    
    
   
     
    
  
  
   

 

  

:
:
4
4
:
3

®

“

¥ Furniture Dealer and Undertaker, HARROW.
@

 
  

   
   

 
   

 
   
   
  
   
     

   
  

 

The place to buy your Groceries is where you éan buy everything |! chan with up to Aas ont WW sdnow nah AY at Jay, ;
o AL | tho :

in that line, not only the staple lines but simply everything. Our list |SPPOBHISASE, Ce reports from should ‘attend.
comprises such articles as :— ; Mv. BE. Wigle acd children, of Fors]

   

: of officers tack Frouk Kent ists nt East Harrow. ‘The achoo} in 8. § ¢ talations with wishes
J F ROSEBRU GH siected ler Men B. Ter, Tromuror : B.No.8 hasbeen alowed. John Clark's He an aad Ai.” Clark is tivo ‘to
0. (11 A , {+ ‘Frank > | by th dismond flee pu (i
> i! ’ Stookford, deacon, “Afeer the election . Miss Eliza Hackett desires to thank rbphane il P
of affioers the matiar of rebnilding the | tho members of the coogregation of
i churoh was considered when it was un- { Obrist church Colchester for the contri- { Look at the label on your paper aod
38} musty Sedided to rebuild ou the bation received for her norvices aa organ- 1 your subsripticais due, kindly call at
mitten a’ st, “1 the office or remit of once. Yonr at
SEPT EETEeY Pe rT Ire Ll plan, which will enlarge and utilize the | We are pleased to report that Yens tention this will greatly oblige, We
te ih building, hind 3 was adopted. | Olsson is improving rapidly and no {thank those who havo already settled
1 ¥ comituistee consisting of Pastor Smith- | doubt Dr, Hassard will mow be abla to | their arrearages’and hope to hear from
. [OCRrIes ROCE 0 [ er, F. Srcktord, Frank Kent, Frank | gave his hand withont further am. | many others during the next few dayw.
1401 1 CEIIES Reuspeuts 45 DAV Fotuas, vas wD. palatine. S68 SE Is
a i oost and ropors je annual meeting 8 : . ne y ’ 5
i DOAN ab Tones wary EO%IBLE. | ori be held fn the town hall, ‘Harrow, | “RI ® sit Quality? Again'it's OAK HALL

 
   
 
   
 
 

Is it Fit ? Assuredly it's OAK HALL loth

aa 2

  
   

 
 
   
 
 

  

  
    
    

Lettuce, Celery, Sweet Potatoes, Onions (Native and Spanish %, Oolorado, have to ¢
Cranberries, Gold Dust Cornmeal, Buckwheat Flour, Wheat oss End io winter "tag Co Rd ut ——— re have sunramacy ath
Germ, Pure Ma le Syrup $1.00 per gal,, Oranges, Lemons, \ branches : : : long time, Ea) i Bb ; med eh “We have supremacy in
Finnan Haddies, Codfish and all other staple lines of Groceries |: : ng Ray. i i 1 cings: ‘the } §t ®t Clothing critically and you will be surpr
Eat rock bottom prices. Re a 3 : as . i 4 ‘ . 3 hat factories stitl kL Ready-to-
Come and see us and we will show you the difference between Granulated : at's why our Cloth
Sugar made from beets and Redpath's standard Granulated. ;

~~ BEET GRANULATED, 35 lbs for One Dollar
REDPATH'S at Regular Prices.
ur Motto: “Yo

11

       

 
